mediaeval medieval
muslims muslim
modelling modeling
modeling modelling
uganda ugandan
tutsi tutsis
tutsis tutsi
restriction limitations
restriction limitation
handled handles
auditing audits
marginalised marginalized
guaranteed guarantees
aging ageing
solving resolving
solve resolving
solve resolve
solving resolve
billions millions
millions billions
geometrical geometric
resolving solving
resolving solve
resolve solve
resolve solving
fertilisation fertilization
audits auditing
targets targeting
geographic geographical
jewelry jewellery
logistic logistical
muslim muslims
humankind mankind
guarantees guaranteed
billions trillions
trillions billions
phosphorous phosphorus
billion millions
billions million
billion million
handles handled
launching launch
banning bans
organized organised
geographical geographic
jewellery jewelry
marginalized marginalised
anaesthesia anesthesia
bans banning
fighting fights
north northern
civilised civilized
millions billion
million billions
million billion
reviewed reviews
judgement judgment
auditing audits
auditing audit
resource resources
forwards forward
intentionally deliberately
organised organized
civilized civilised
topographical topographic
telephones phones
archeological archaeological
medieval mediaeval
ageing aging
diarrhea diarrhoea
aging ageing
counseling counselling
violate contravene
fulfill fulfil
northern north
diarrhoea diarrhea
phones telephones
targeting targets
privatisation privatization
proportionately proportionally
explosives explosive
guaranteeing guarantee
transferred transfers
northeast northeastern
trillion billions
trillion billion
presented presents
nationalistic nationalist
phone telephone
decreased decreases
fights fighting
scanning scan
preventative preventive
fulfill fulfil
resources resource
achievements accomplishments
undernourished malnourished
reviews reviewed
civilization civilisation
neutralise neutralize
inhumane inhuman
stabilise stabilize
delayed delays
behaviors behaviours
behaviors behaviour
restriction constraint
concerned concerns
accomplishments achievements
continually constantly
anesthesia anaesthesia
reviewed reviews
stabilisation stabilization
computerized computerised
subsidized subsidised
flooding flood
monitoring monitor
phosphorus phosphorous
regulation regulations
asymmetrical asymmetric
expressly explicitly
continually continuously
waiting waits
regulations regulation
privatization privatisation
geometric geometrical
slaughtering slaughter
patrolling patrol
unsolved unresolved
civilisation civilization
behaviours behaviors
behaviour behaviors
harvesting harvest
serb serbian
openings open
specialised specialized
disenchantment disillusionment
transfers transferred
telephone phone
finishing finishes
presents presented
waits waiting
wait waiting
northeastern northeast
logistical logistic
authorised authorized
displayed displays
resolving solving
resolves solving
resolving solves
resolves solves
stabilize stabilise
decreases decreased
focussed focused
inhuman inhumane
washes washing
specialized specialised
principally primarily
servers server
unquestionably undoubtedly
protection protected
reviews reviewed
launch launching
bravely courageously
asymmetric asymmetrical
phone telephone
delays delayed
synchronisation synchronization
overlapping overlap
billions trillion
billion trillion
liter litre
topographic topographical
nonetheless nevertheless
continuously continually
dancing dance
waiting waits
waiting wait
apologise apologize
counselling counseling
discontent dissatisfaction
unauthorised unauthorized
litres liters
betting bets
deliberately intentionally
arrested arrests
downloading download
identifying identify
recognisable recognizable
agreement agreements
harvest harvesting
presenting presents
auctioning auction
concerns concerned
permitting permits
globalisation globalization
refugees refugee
forecasting forecast
collaborate cooperate
crucial critical
fulfil fulfill
waits waiting
flood flooding
resolved solved
bindings binds
regulation regulations
open openings
aluminum aluminium
capitalistic capitalist
authorization authorisation
finishes finishing
resolved solved
resolve solved
resolve solving
resolving solved
resolved solving
resolving solving
agreements agreement
broadcast broadcasting
outmoded outdated
critical crucial
serbian serb
stabilization stabilisation
separated separate
withdrawal withdraws
mobilisation mobilization
argentinian argentine
registered registers
shared shares
regulations regulation
constantly continually
favorable favourable
rethinking rethink
hunts hunting
hunt hunting
authorisation authorization
recognizable recognisable
judgment judgement
deposited deposits
solving resolving
solving resolves
solves resolving
solves resolves
kidnappings kidnap
displays displayed
intrinsically inherently
subordinated subordinate
binding binds
bindings binds
proportionally proportionately
slaughter slaughtering
disquieting disturbing
presents presenting
gynecologist gynaecologist
tsunamis tsunami
preventative preventive
monitor monitoring
imperialistic imperialist
ludicrous ridiculous
liters litres
granting grant
granting grants
launched launches
scanning scan
unanticipated unexpected
focused focussed
washing washes
protection protecting
protection protects
scans scanning
scan scanning
resources resource
distrust mistrust
mohamed mohammed
efficiently effectively
fridge refrigerator
permits permitting
symbolize symbolise
analytic analytical
violate infringe
audits auditing
audit auditing
resource resources
granting grants
eastern east
unpardonable unforgivable
refugee refugees
insuperable insurmountable
fighting fight
thawing thaw
unavoidable inevitable
authorized authorised
fertilization fertilisation
bets betting
reporting reports
defenceless defenseless
broadcasting broadcast
patrol patrolling
blackmailing blackmail
donors donor
behavioral behavioural
burned burnt
extraordinarily exceptionally
scan scanning
apologize apologise
protections protect
electrical electric
preventive preventative
courageously bravely
resolving solving
surfing surf
reaffirmed affirmed
withdrawal withdrawn
mechanism mechanisms
protected protection
arrests arrested
archaeological archeological
subsidised subsidized
drastically dramatically
mohammed mohamed
desperation despair
empowering empower
wait waiting
globalization globalisation
malnourished undernourished
adjustment adjustments
downloading download
fulfil fulfill
moveable movable
resumed resumes
coloured colour
effectively efficiently
telephones phoned
telephoned phoned
telephone phones
telephones phones
telephone phoned
telephoned phones
malfunctioning malfunction
withdrawal withdrew
partially partly
solved resolved
surf surfing
neighbour neighbouring
harvesting harvest
behavioural behavioral
inefficient ineffective
dissatisfaction discontent
mankind humankind
defenseless defenceless
unforgivable unpardonable
phone telephone
increased increase
mohamed mohammed
unauthorized unauthorised
mustache moustache
uganda ugandans
uganda ugandan
limiting limits
fertiliser fertilizer
aluminium aluminum
shares shared
mistrust distrust
modeling modelling
solved resolved
solved resolve
solving resolve
solved resolving
solving resolved
solving resolving
telephone phone
classical classic
litre liter
east eastern
partly partially
deposits deposited
waterways waterway
server servers
resources resource
archeology archaeology
concentrated concentrates
dance dancing
telephones phones
telephone phones
plunder plundering
sing singing
nationalist nationalistic
christians christian
luckily fortunately
binds bindings
protection protecting
protection protected
registers registered
advisor adviser
canoeing canoe
mohammed mohamed
grants granting
telephone phone
paintings paints
judgment judgement
unsubstantiated unfounded
shifting shifts
computerised computerized
soils soil
countryman compatriot
withdraws withdrawal
portray depict
mobilization mobilisation
contentious controversial
investigations investigate
iraqis iraqi
diluted dilute
inherently intrinsically
organizations organisation
organization organisation
totally completely
moustache mustache
demanding demands
imported imports
investigate investigations
ineffective inefficient
monitoring monitor
launches launched
favourable favorable
rethink rethinking
okay ok
ok okay
organizers organisers
kidnap kidnappings
expenditures expenditure
emissions emission
resources resource
protesting protests
underlined underlines
unfairly unjustly
explosive explosives
electric electrical
adversely negatively
cooperates collaborate
cooperates collaborates
fight fighting
symbolise symbolize
moreover furthermore
palestinians palestinian
humanistic humanist
employee employees
modelling modeling
vital crucial
collaborate cooperates
collaborates cooperates
accident accidents
protecting protection
protects protection
identify identifying
hunting hunts
hunting hunt
tsunami tsunamis
resumes resumed
affirmed reaffirmed
imitate emulate
employees employee
devotion dedication
binds binding
binds bindings
interviewed interviews
resource resources
reports reporting
aluminum aluminium
telephoning phoning
telephone phoning
withdrawal withdrawing
malfunction malfunctioning
resource resources
recordings records
controlling control
corrupted corrupt
overlap overlapping
capability capacity
plundering plunder
killings kills
crucial vital
archeologist archaeologist
continuing continued
regulations regulation
painting paint
phoned telephones
phoned telephoned
phones telephone
phones telephones
phoned telephone
phones telephoned
disassociate dissociate
limits limiting
organisers organizers
amazement astonishment
brainstorming brainstorm
resource resources
restarting restart
outcomes outcome
terrifying frightening
exiled exiles
forecast forecasting
analogue analog
imperialistic imperialist
launching launch
solving resolving
offerings offers
aluminium aluminum
waiting wait
started starts
unfavorable unfavourable
paint painting
harvested harvests
adolescents adolescent
accidents accident
movable moveable
regrettably unfortunately
nevertheless nonetheless
continuously constantly
unjustly unfairly
center centre
phones telephones
phones telephone
scanning scans
scanning scan
amidst amid
wounded injured
eyeglasses glasses
coverings covers
combating combat
packing packaging
repress suppress
recruited recruits
mohamed mohammed
withdrawn withdrawal
chancery chancellery
protection protecting
whisky whiskey
download downloading
dissociate disassociate
recruiting recruit
resources resource
ridiculous ludicrous
sampled samples
cancelling cancel
preventing prevent
outcome outcomes
bombings bombs
emission emissions
combating combats
levelling leveling
reversed reverse
rankings ranks
protect protections
withdrew withdrawal
lies lying
northwestern northwest
shifts shifting
consultation consultations
photograph photo
furthermore moreover
insurmountable insuperable
lying lies
cooperates collaborates
disillusionment disenchantment
neighboring neighbouring
erroneously mistakenly
demands demanding
burnt burned
neighbouring neighboring
tramway tram
cooperated collaborated
procedure procedures
constantly continuously
concentrates concentrated
control controlling
donor donors
mohammed mohamed
waterway waterways
kilogram kilo
protests protesting
guarantee guaranteeing
signaling signalling
transporting transport
crossroad crossroads
collaborated cooperated
completely totally
classic classical
adolescent adolescents
gynaecologist gynecologist
billion millions
billion million
photographing photo
judgments judgements
dilute diluted
authorise authorizing
authorise authorize
authorised authorize
authorised authorized
authorise authorized
regulation regulations
optimum optimal
listings lists
kissing kiss
colour coloured
issues issuing
imports imported
paints paintings
mechanisms mechanism
catalogued cataloged
astonishment amazement
indisputably unquestionably
protecting protection
protected protection
controlling control
signalling signaling
empower empowering
cooperate collaborate
brainstorm brainstorming
argentine argentinian
user users
procedures procedure
starting start
sterilisation sterilization
collaboration cooperation
interviews interviewed
harvest harvesting
southeastern southeast
telephone phone
atheist atheistic
unquestionably indisputably
monitor monitoring
counting count
modelling modeling
changing change
changing changes
monitor monitoring
substantially significantly
jeopardise jeopardize
insufficient inadequate
samples sampled
kilo kilogram
egotism egoism
phone telephone
judgment judgement
dancing dance
regulation regulations
dramatically drastically
phoning telephoning
phoning telephone
counterbalance counterweight
judgements judgments
hazardous dangerous
relationships relationship
descriptions description
symbolise symbolize
mainly primarily
records recordings
tremendous enormous
adjustments adjustment
unquestionably undeniably
laudable commendable
considerably significantly
guarding guards
discharged discharges
immigrated emigrate
immigrated emigrated
solitude loneliness
scepticism skepticism
improperly incorrectly
sulfide sulphide
fertilizer fertiliser
mobilise mobilize
powder powdered
optimal optimum
presently currently
groupings groups
judgement judgment
auction auctioning
southeast southeastern
overlapping overlap
overlapping overlaps
combats combating
exiles exiled
injured wounded
recruit recruiting
inevitable unavoidable
feces faeces
underlines underlined
delay delayed
practically virtually
offers offerings
slovakian slovak
judgments judgement
judgment judgements
judgments judgements
increased increase
singing sing
medallist medalist
inadequate insufficient
everybody everyone
ecologically environmentally
checking check
procedure procedures
unbelievably incredibly
extraordinarily extremely
emigrate immigrated
emigrated immigrated
faeces feces
negatively adversely
centre center
armoured armored
encyclopaedia encyclopedia
listings lists
listings list
expiry expiration
assessment assessments
manufactures manufacturing
manufacture manufacturing
geographical geographic
covers coverings
vital essential
launch launching
collaborates cooperates
harvests harvested
increase increased
disgraceful shameful
subsidized subsidised
ageing aging
spokesperson spokesman
canoe canoeing
especially particularly
hosted hosts
undeveloped underdeveloped
kidnapping kidnap
mechanisms mechanism
officially formally
guerilla guerrilla
informations info
unimpeded unhindered
starts started
neutralize neutralise
withdrawing withdrawal
edit editing
wastes waste
unshakeable unshakable
photo photographing
crossroads crossroad
skepticism scepticism
forward forwards
identifying identify
description descriptions
groups groupings
hired hires
agreements arrangements
outdated outmoded
jeopardize endanger
traveler traveller
irrespective regardless
child children
exceptionally extraordinarily
kills killings
unshakable unshakeable
mobilize mobilise
comparatively relatively
standards standard
unwarranted unjustified
recruits recruited
judgement judgments
judgements judgment
judgements judgments
powdered powder
emulate imitate
acknowledgment acknowledgement
reduction reduced
reduction reduces
reduction reducing
attracting attract
signaling signalling
precisely exactly
primarily mainly
bombs bombings
compatriot countryman
trawl trawling
honour honored
honoured honored
castings casts
ambiance ambience
substituted substitutes
mistakenly erroneously
explicitly expressly
subsidised subsidized
ordering orders
fostering fosters
unfavourable unfavorable
unresolved unsolved
neighbouring neighbour
inserting insert
despair desperation
humankind humanity
favourite favorite
cooperating collaborating
cooperating collaborate
ranks rankings
honored honour
honored honoured
hijackings hijacks
emigrate migrate
reduced reduction
reduces reduction
reducing reduction
finance financing
perilously dangerously
collaborating cooperating
collaborate cooperating
safeguarding safeguard
protecting protection
significantly substantially
download downloading
promoting promotion
diffused diffuse
eventually ultimately
unforeseeable unpredictable
helpful useful
textiles textile
principally mainly
theatre theater
archaeologist archeologist
definitely certainly
arrangements agreements
missions mission
telephones phone
telephones phones
lists listings
sorting sorts
soil soils
guards guarding
whiskey whisky
counterweight counterbalance
organisation organizations
organisation organization
progeny offspring
crucial essential
supports support
formally officially
rented rents
cataloged catalogued
subordinate subordinated
fingerprinting fingerprint
obligation obligations
millions billion
million billion
suppliers supplier
issuing issues
signalling signaling
convicted convicts
overlap overlapping
overlaps overlapping
disadvantaged disadvantages
significance importance
theater theatre
voting vote
flu influenza
kidnapping kidnap
archaeology archeology
analog analogue
railway railways
armored armoured
thankfully fortunately
agreements arrangements
frightening terrifying
centered centred
centered centre
authorizing authorise
authorize authorise
authorize authorised
authorized authorised
authorized authorise
thaw thawing
negotiating negotiation
negotiating negotiations
mechanism mechanisms
efficacy effectiveness
accomplishment achievement
costs cost
center centre
debates debating
discharges discharged
preventative preventive
sulfuric sulphuric
refrigerator fridge
fingerprint fingerprinting
indicator indicators
undoubtedly unquestionably
stereotypical stereotyped
totally absolutely
virtually practically
organization organisation
urge urged
symbolize symbolise
colors colours
exchanging exchange
interacting interact
favorite favourite
sterilization sterilisation
urge urges
tremendously enormously
scan scanning
debating debates
criticize criticise
deepened deepen
unhindered unimpeded
consultations consultation
foetus fetus
mechanisms mechanism
fetus foetus
centred centered
centre centered
obligations obligation
unlocking unlock
speciality specialty
summarise summarize
photocopying photocopy
expenditure expenditures
collect collecting
achievements accomplishments
analytical analytic
gelatine gelatin
bursting bursts
medalist medallist
textile textiles
strengthening strengthened
efficient effective
criticise criticize
colorless colourless
lists listings
list listings
assessments assessment
endanger jeopardize
mission missions
converting convert
orders ordering
colourless colorless
standard standards
appropriately properly
geological geologic
swim swimming
thankful grateful
usually generally
unbelievable incredible
programmes programs
programme programs
programmes program
programme program
centre center
sulfate sulphate
charming charms
palestinian palestinians
shameful disgraceful
loading load
hosts hosted
synchronization synchronisation
jeopardize jeopardise
users user
complaints complaint
untenable unsustainable
arrangements agreements
protecting protect
fanatic fanatical
firearm firearms
count counting
counterfeiting counterfeit
scaffold scaffolding
centers centres
centers centre
geologic geological
database databases
photographs photos
concurrently simultaneously
prevent preventing
photo photograph
metres meter
metre meter
attract attracting
hires hired
entirely completely
relationship relationships
overly excessively
reaffirmed reiterate
reaffirm reiterated
reaffirm reiterate
reaffirmed reiterated
reaffirms reiterate
argentinean argentine
commendable laudable
financing finance
tattooing tattoo
casts castings
enormous tremendous
fosters fostering
regardless irrespective
ineffectual ineffective
restricted limited
rents rented
dependable reliable
guessing guesses
identify identifying
assessments evaluations
evaluations assessments
reduce reduced
supporting support
unofficially informally
dangerous hazardous
support supporting
significantly considerably
partnership partnerships
modeling modelling
pillage pillaging
blocking blocks
substitutes substituted
accomplishments achievements
centre center
collaborative cooperative
missions mission
primarily principally
migrate emigrate
symmetric symmetrical
exactly precisely
cataloguing cataloging
partnerships partnership
revolutionize revolutionise
considerably substantially
environmentalists conservationists
northwest northwestern
ludicrously ridiculously
opening open
hosts host
procedures procedure
determine determining
scaffolding scaffold
archaeologists archeologists
interact interacting
reiterated reaffirmed
elliptic elliptical
users user
unlocking unlock
corrupt corrupted
urged urge
insurrection insurgency
influenza flu
needlessly unnecessarily
adviser advisor
expiration expiry
unexpected unanticipated
achievement accomplishments
achievements accomplishments
gelatin gelatine
kilometer kilometre
canceling cancel
phone telephones
phones telephones
preventive preventative
favorably favourably
sulphate sulfate
networking networks
fined fines
canceling cancelling
reaffirmed reiterated
symmetrical symmetric
appointing appoint
attracting attract
essential vital
judgement judgment
continued continuing
auditing audit
sulphuric sulfuric
undeniably unquestionably
feasible viable
chrome chromium
specialty speciality
carpeting carpet
monitor monitoring
editing edit
inquired enquired
waste wastes
spokesman spokesperson
procedure procedures
protect protecting
yugoslavian yugoslav
contagious infectious
encourage encouraging
sulfide sulphide
celebrates commemorates
conservationists environmentalists
steroids steroid
atheistic atheist
particularly especially
talking talk
southwestern southwest
expenditures expenditure
aliases alias
canceled cancelled
hijacks hijackings
reverse reversed
teheran tehran
procedures procedure
kidnap kidnapping
designing design
transmit transmitted
leveling levelling
unlocked unlock
demagoguery demagogy
pledges pledging
controversial contentious
humanist humanistic
guesses guessing
discounting discount
vehicle vehicles
photographs photos
photographs photo
databases database
characterise characterize
sorts sorting
insert inserting
unrestricted unlimited
firearms firearm
incorrectly improperly
indicators indicator
complaint complaints
unwavering unswerving
troubling disturbing
effective efficient
archeologists archaeologists
reptiles reptile
unthinkable inconceivable
refueling refuelling
tribunals tribunal
anaesthetic anesthetic
determining determine
breaks broken
dedication devotion
programs programmes
programs programme
program programmes
program programme
chromium chrome
conducting conduct
epicenter epicentre
reduction reduced
separate separated
egoism egotism
info informations
colours colors
success succeeded
dorm dormitory
unauthorized unauthorised
enquired inquired
checking check
principle principles
essential crucial
offenses offences
innumerable countless
reiterate reaffirmed
reiterated reaffirm
reiterate reaffirm
reiterated reaffirmed
reiterate reaffirms
principles principle
collecting collect
monitoring monitor
kidnapping abduction
sulfate sulphate
forged forges
certainly definitely
tumour tumor
check checking
chaired chairs
infamous notorious
gynecology gynaecology
disillusionment disappointment
sweeping sweeps
loneliness solitude
spraying sprays
accomplishments achievement
accomplishments achievements
switching switch
commemorates celebrates
organisation organization
evaluation assessment
capacity capability
load loading
deploying deploy
sanctioning sanctions
comprehensible understandable
reduced reduction
inputs input
originally initially
hop hops
photos photographs
immigrate emigrate
inserting insert
sell selling
broken breaks
screaming screams
supplier suppliers
dissemination disseminated
unswerving unwavering
instantaneous instant
promotion promoting
somebody someone
cancel cancelling
slovak slovakian
underestimated understated
servers server
disadvantages disadvantaged
assigning assign
contracting contracts
enormously tremendously
unlock unlocking
bursts bursting
overestimated overstated
walks walking
walk walking
irrevocably irreversibly
accomplishments achievements
capitalist capitalistic
anticipated expected
signalling signal
advertisements adverts
iraqi iraqis
rebuild rebuilding
resolve solve
achievements accomplishments
servers server
kidnap kidnapping
initially originally
mechanism mechanisms
jeweler jeweller
safeguard safeguarding
unauthorised unauthorized
overstated overestimated
fines fined
variations variants
passports passport
abduction kidnapping
strengthened strengthening
hops hop
flavored flavoured
maneuvers manoeuvres
unjustified unwarranted
compulsory mandatory
grant granting
grants granting
surely certainly
underestimated understated
recruiting recruitment
unlock unlocked
apologize apologised
apologized apologised
apologized apologise
apologize apologise
synchronized synchronised
urge urges
fishery fisheries
disseminated dissemination
laboratories labs
tribunal tribunals
completely entirely
incoherent inconsistent
affirmed reaffirmed
affirm reaffirmed
affirm reaffirm
monitoring monitor
windscreen windshield
passport passports
honor honour
gymnastics gymnastic
cuttings cuts
verifying verify
synchronise synchronize
folders folder
underprivileged disadvantaged
payment payments
graveyard cemetery
stereotyped stereotypical
anesthetics anaesthetics
emphasized emphasised
characters character
decrease decreased
coordinates coordinating
experts expert
roughly approximately
freeze freezing
symbolizes symbolises
center centre
mission missions
logging logs
request requests
recalling recalls
updated update
sulphide sulfide
lease leasing
useful helpful
pledging pledges
geologic geological
blocks blocking
shia shiite
convert converting
anaesthetics anesthetics
converted conversion
appoint appointing
vote voting
mandatory compulsory
amid amidst
creating create
unwillingness reluctance
variants variations
reptile reptiles
reduced reduce
degradation deterioration
saviour savior
members member
meter metres
meter metre
response responses
organiser organizer
sanitarium sanatorium
steroid steroids
geographic geographical
regulations regulation
assessments assessment
cataloging cataloguing
advisor adviser
restart restarting
displeasure dissatisfaction
centres centers
centre centers
flavoured flavored
verify verifying
shia shiites
erroneously incorrectly
member members
networks networking
trawling trawl
charms charming
investigations inquiries
attainable achievable
urges urge
absolutely totally
character characters
understandable comprehensible
substantially considerably
updated update
unpredictable unforeseeable
travelers travellers
instantaneously instantly
currently presently
manoeuvres maneuvers
convicts convicted
tumor tumour
server servers
ordinarily normally
finishing finish
obstinacy stubbornness
airplanes planes
deceit deception
conversion converted
freezing freeze
installments instalments
perspectives perspective
source sources
renaming rename
handicapped handicaps
weird strange
strengthened strengthen
understated underestimated
usable useable
photos photographs
photo photographs
splitting split
coordinating coordinates
expand expanding
impressionistic impressionist
unify unifying
channeling channelling
obstinately stubbornly
yasin yassin
collection collected
selling sell
traveller traveler
logs logging
basically essentially
specialties specialities
payments payment
travellers travelers
investigations investigative
walking walks
walking walk
israelis israeli
preventive preventative
combat combating
sources source
specializes specialises
sulphate sulfate
photocopy photocopying
emphasised emphasized
favorites favourites
tramway tram
animosity hostility
inquiries investigations
growth grew
demagogy demagoguery
principles principle
glycerin glycerine
organizer organiser
symbolises symbolizes
orphaned orphan
understated underestimated
financing funding
erroneously wrongly
shiites shia
marvellous wonderful
coherent consistent
synchronised synchronized
revision revised
lobbying lobby
deterioration degradation
vanish disappearing
vanish disappear
fell felled
alternatives alternative
colourful colorful
item items
succeeded success
unlock unblock
unwittingly unintentionally
limo limousine
gynaecology gynecology
luggage baggage
seldom rarely
product products
tendering tenders
expert experts
cancelling canceling
railways railway
chairs chaired
gymnastic gymnastics
cracking cracks
products product
indicator indicators
wired wires
spaceship spacecraft
unfounded unsubstantiated
stressing emphasizing
encyclopedia encyclopaedia
viable feasible
assign assigning
inconceivable unthinkable
squared squares
unlock unlocking
counterfeiting counterfeit
dig digging
geological geologic
examinations exams
sulfuric sulphuric
reconfirm reaffirm
reconfirm reaffirmed
emission emissions
negotiation negotiating
negotiations negotiating
contracts contracting
specialises specializes
selecting select
meal meals
yogurt yoghurt
haemoglobin hemoglobin
sanctions sanctioning
fanatical fanatic
instalments installments
expenditure expenditures
encourages encourage
christian christians
designing design
favourites favorites
unsustainable untenable
surrealistic surreal
exam examination
typically usually
unifying unify
open opening
closes closings
sprays spraying
fundamental essentials
son sons
overstate overestimate
vehicles vehicle
everyone everybody
specialize specialise
deepen deepened
incontestable indisputable
backwards backward
accomplishments achievements
felled fell
investigation investigated
compressing compress
cooperation cooperates
unswerving unwavering
environmentally ecologically
global worldwide
colorful colourful
logistical logistic
honor honour
pumping pumps
requests request
discarding discard
unlimited unrestricted
progressively gradually
sulfate sulphate
recommendations recommendation
assisting assist
exempted exempt
travelers travellers
privation deprivation
hooks hook
characterize characterise
pillaging looting
increase increased
recommendation recommendations
assessing assess
expected anticipated
specialities specialties
investigative investigations
jeweller jeweler
dance dancing
realisation realization
revolutionise revolutionize
anesthetic anaesthetic
savior saviour
installments instalments
anemia anaemia
underdeveloped undeveloped
inconsistent incompatible
synchronized synchronised
charges charging
overestimate overstate
recalls recalling
assessment evaluation
inexcusable unforgivable
sons son
stubbornness obstinacy
user users
excessively overly
epicentre epicenter
expand expanding
organisation organization
audit auditing
tunneling tunnel
attract attracting
delegation delegations
usually typically
achievable feasible
coldly coolly
server servers
strengthen strengthened
investigated investigation
licensing license
pupil pupils
inappropriately improperly
restoring restore
specialty specialities
specialties specialities
meals meal
travellers travelers
canceling cancelling
closings closes
expanding expand
judgment judgement
leasing lease
inaccurate incorrect
upgrade upgrading
suppress repress
capability capacity
honor honours
honors honours
reaffirmed affirmed
reaffirmed affirm
reaffirm affirm
responses response
encyclopedias encyclopaedias
locking lock
astounding astonishing
overestimating overstating
apologizes apologises
apologize apologises
encouraging encourage
evacuate evacuating
refugees refugee
responding respond
alias aliases
disenchanted disillusioned
irritating annoying
overstatement exaggeration
ultimately eventually
cost costs
notorious infamous
dismantled disassembled
emphasizing stressing
license licensing
funding financing
photographs photos
individualistic individualist
achievements accomplishments
unfortunately regrettably
start starting
specialise specialize
forges forged
accessing access
tentatively provisionally
overstating overestimating
incompatible inconsistent
sweeps sweeping
okay ok
regulations regulation
unwavering unswerving
competitions competition
overlapping overlap
downloaded download
drives driving
criticize criticise
spying spies
cooperation collaboration
drawn draws
separated segregated
bazar bazaar
judgment judgement
cuts cuttings
unblock unlock
coolly coldly
cooperates cooperation
incorrectly wrongly
updating update
questionable dubious
merciless ruthless
essentials fundamental
refugees refugee
capacity capacities
relatively comparatively
mythic mythical
summarize summarise
folder folders
disassembled dismantled
bike bicycle
suppresses repressed
numeric numerical
update updated
examination exams
examinations exams
blond blonde
counselors counsellors
screams screaming
conflicting contradictory
helplessness powerlessness
transferring transfer
socialist socialists
baggage luggage
disillusioned disenchanted
honours honor
honours honors
significant important
instantly instantaneously
southwest southwestern
refugee refugees
indicator indicators
boldly courageously
instalments installments
demoralize demoralise
swimming swim
schooling school
specialized specialised
substantiated corroborated
chemicals chemical
decreased decrease
create creating
volunteer volunteers
mistreatment mistreated
deepen deepening
solve resolve
soya soy
sell selling
allowable permissible
integrate integrating
catastrophe disaster
chancellery chancery
start starting
integrating integrate
listing list
driving drives
glycerine glycerin
inadvertently unintentionally
apologises apologizes
apologises apologize
tattoo tattooing
select choose
select chose
selected choose
mythical mythic
armored armoured
conventions convention
expenditures expenditure
planes airplanes
revised revision
judgment judgement
analysis analysed
tenders tendering
unambiguous unequivocal
pillaging pillage
stabilized stabilised
educate educating
animosity enmity
inescapable inevitable
resourcefulness ingenuity
judgment judgement
appointments appointment
skill skills
nevertheless however
catalogue catalog
ridiculously ludicrously
children child
elliptical elliptic
earthquakes quakes
undoubtedly certainly
dubious questionable
fortunately luckily
colors colours
color colours
tv television
squares squared
tranquility tranquillity
apologised apologize
apologised apologized
apologise apologized
apologise apologize
anybody anyone
astonishingly amazingly
measurements measurement
backwards backward
synchronised synchronized
molded moulded
prejudices prejudice
perseverance persistence
overlap overlapping
sanatorium sanitarium
eradicate eradicating
specializing specialised
specialized specialised
substantiated corroborated
specialities specialty
specialities specialties
sulphide sulfide
dependability reliability
appropriately adequately
criticise criticize
digging dig
sadly unfortunately
deepening deepen
reduction decreases
labs laboratories
imperialist imperialistic
charging charges
support supports
analog analogue
delayed delay
problem problems
corroborated substantiated
indicators indicator
manufacturing manufactures
manufacturing manufacture
clicking click
tram tramway
design designing
stabilized stabilised
stabilize stabilised
stabilizing stabilised
cancelling canceling
patient patients
cracks cracking
specialised specialized
verifying verify
packaging packing
starting start
organizations organisations
maths mathematics
gelatine gelatin
yassin yasin
impending imminent
anaemia anemia
safeguarding safeguard
armoured armored
unsatisfied dissatisfied
behaviors behaviours
enmity hostility
gradually progressively
skillful skilful
honour honor
stairway staircase
sulfate sulphate
insert inserting
solely exclusively
unbearable intolerable
maximise maximize
yoghurt yogurt
absurdly ridiculously
importance significance
renovated rehabilitated
upgrading upgrade
staircases stairs
jeopardise endanger
usually normally
rehabilitated renovated
dangerously perilously
reiterated reaffirm
reiterate reaffirmed
reiterated reaffirmed
reiterate reaffirm
capabilities capacities
cooperation cooperated
capacities capabilities
displaying display
counsellors counselors
figuratively metaphorically
chairperson chairman
chairperson chairmen
neighborhoods neighbourhoods
adverts advertisements
impressionist impressionistic
kilometre kilometer
disadvantaged underprivileged
enterprise enterprises
wires wired
corroborated substantiated
investigation investigated
confectionary confectionery
banning ban
prejudice prejudices
ensure ensuring
celebrated commemorated
celebrated commemorate
orphans orphan
reviewing reviews
reviewing review
respecting respect
collaboration cooperation
infectious contagious
conversion converts
licensed licence
specialised specializing
specialised specialized
grandma grandmother
colours colors
colours color
mold mould
spilled spills
gifted talented
expanded extended
control controlling
investigated investigation
repressed suppresses
mechanism mechanisms
judgement judgment
falling felling
afterward afterwards
sewerage sewage
volunteers volunteer
improperly inappropriately
weight weighed
weighted weighed
disturbing troubling
decreases reduction
handicaps handicapped
expenditure expenditures
ridiculously absurdly
sulphuric sulfuric
alternative alternatives
regulations regulation
selling sell
unchecked uncontrolled
cancel canceling
individualist individualistic
respond responding
moulded molded
deploying deploy
define defining
behaviours behaviors
hemorrhage hemorrhaging
protracted prolonged
incredible unbelievable
lymphatic lymph
specially specifically
stabilised stabilized
photos photographs
metaphorically figuratively
tranquillity tranquility
cyclic cyclical
correctly properly
counselors counsellors
tumors tumours
metre meters
metres meters
converts conversion
unintentionally unwittingly
emissions emission
reduce reducing
fibers fibres
grouping groups
grouping group
assessment assessments
useable usable
directory directories
recognizes acknowledges
connecting connect
achievable attainable
refurbishment renovation
mechanisms mechanism
incontrovertible irrefutable
cooperative collaborative
injured wounded
evacuating evacuate
centerpiece centrepiece
irrefutable incontrovertible
demoralise demoralize
competition competitions
enmity animosity
steps step
antiquated outdated
congratulate congratulating
astonishingly surprisingly
laborers labourers
northwestern northwest
contradictory conflicting
revolt rebellion
domination dominance
materialist materialistic
annoying irritating
concentrate concentrated
orbiting orbit
martyred martyr
resolutions resolution
weight weighed
weight weighing
weights weighed
weighted weighed
normally usually
pumps pumping
argentine argentinean
sulphate sulfate
require required
behaviour behavior
gelatin gelatine
gonorrhea gonorrhoea
lawfully legally
manufacturers makers
catalog catalogue
capabilities capacities
complicated complex
reaffirm reiterated
reaffirmed reiterate
reaffirmed reiterated
reaffirm reiterate
fiber fibre
anatomic anatomical
simultaneously concurrently
ready prepared
stabilised stabilized
stabilised stabilize
stabilised stabilizing
frightened scared
wounded injured
anatomical anatomic
hutu hutus
catastrophic disastrous
resetting reset
encyclopaedias encyclopedias
felling falling
labourers laborers
hemoglobin haemoglobin
patients patient
encourage encourages
deploy deploying
maneuvering maneuver
offences offenses
skeptical sceptical
drunken drunk
delegations delegation
disquieting troubling
meters metre
meters metres
surreal surrealistic
stringent strict
stringent stricter
lock locking
approximately roughly
straightjacket straitjacket
hidden hides
unavoidably inevitably
indispensable essential
worldwide globally
parameters parameter
cancelled canceled
spies spying
frequently often
incontrovertible indisputable
dominance domination
neighbourhoods neighborhoods
unmanageable uncontrollable
enterprises enterprise
thereafter afterwards
phone telephone
important significant
standards standard
switch switching
cooperated cooperation
orphaned orphan
restoring restore
humour humor
organisations organizations
unintentionally inadvertently
dissertation thesis
lobby lobbying
calorie calories
licence licensed
phosphorous phosphorus
centers centres
parameter parameters
unlocked unblocked
simplifying simplify
ok okay
modifying modify
changes change
soy soya
civilizations civilisations
suppressed repressed
adjoining adjacent
refugee refugees
flourishing thriving
hides hidden
pirated pirates
fibres fibers
certainly surely
programmes programme
rouble ruble
acknowledgement acknowledgment
prolonged protracted
quick quickly
assist assisting
maintained retained
fight struggled
fought struggled
child children
brave courageous
tram tramway
revisions revision
centres centre
expansion expanded
properly appropriately
straitjacket straightjacket
expenses expenditures
astonishing astounding
needed necessary
prepared ready
reducing reduce
functioning function
kiss kissing
promoting promote
abattoir slaughterhouse
transmitted transmit
hutus hutu
courageously boldly
dependence dependency
confectionery confectionary
sewage sewerage
collected collection
builds built
definitively definitely
rename renaming
makers manufacturers
behavior behaviour
pediatrician paediatrician
staffing staff
examines investigates
outrage indignation
governments government
communicate communicating
argentinian argentinean
orphan orphaned
favoritism favouritism
northern north
countless innumerable
center centre
soya soybean
commemorated celebrated
commemorate celebrated
regulation regulations
resolution resolutions
insurgency insurrection
cost costs
counsellors counselors
vehicle vehicles
compress compressing
exams examinations
winning win
ensure ensuring
integrating integration
leukemia leukaemia
exceedingly extremely
generally usually
grew growth
built builds
consistent coherent
tumours tumors
counterfeit counterfeiting
thriving flourishing
favourably favorably
logistic logistical
reduced reduction
reducing reduction
investigates examines
capability capacity
blonde blond
struggled fight
struggled fought
cooperation collaboration
shiite shia
coordinates coordinate
promote promoting
terrific fantastic
split splitting
channelling channeling
macao macau
organized organised
organizing organised
partnerships partnership
incarceration imprisonment
achievement accomplishment
phosphorus phosphorous
goals objective
goals objectives
assess assessing
labors labours
colored coloured
colored colour
soybean soy
reduction reduced
reduction reducing
costly expensive
sulphate sulfate
calories calorie
compressing compress
judgement judgment
emigrate immigrate
vehicle vehicles
telephone phone
analogue analog
expanded expand
maneuver maneuvering
phone telephone
shares sharing
barbarism barbarity
expanding expand
energetically vigorously
labours labors
maximize maximise
pointless meaningless
oversee supervise
incorrect inaccurate
essentially basically
indignation outrage
check checking
clarified clarification
clarifying clarification
argentinean argentinian
tumors tumours
annihilate exterminate
centres centers
orphan orphans
partnership partnerships
regulation regulations
prevent preventing
updated update
updated updates
government governments
rarely seldom
segregated separated
chimp chimpanzee
verify verifying
explore explored
skills skill
objective goals
objectives goals
impotence powerlessness
items item
clarification clarified
clarification clarifying
uploaded downloaded
observer observers
reportedly allegedly
organisations organizations
collaboration cooperates
broaden expanded
broaden expand
retained maintained
protections protective
adviser advisor
dormitories dorms
items item
judgment judgement
diffuse diffused
capability capabilities
bazaar bazar
arbiter arbitrator
specializing specialising
specialized specialising
acknowledges recognizes
mercilessly ruthlessly
resolutions resolution
convention conventions
swiftly quickly
narcotics narcotic
envelope envelops
mammals mammal
tilting tilt
herding herds
mirrored mirrors
purchaser buyer
teacher teachers
seminars seminar
impede hinder
increased risen
increased rise
increase risen
increasing risen
ensuring ensure
jeopardized jeopardised
limited restricted
hemorrhaging hemorrhage
preventative preventive
ceased discontinued
organising organizing
input inputs
civilisations civilizations
drumming drum
descendent descendant
dependant dependent
fibre fiber
coloured colored
colour colored
windshield windscreen
immigrant immigrants
nepali nepalese
color colour
vehicles vehicle
repressed suppressed
discard discarding
gonorrhoea gonorrhea
communication communicated
thesis dissertation
wipes wiping
uneasiness unease
vehicles vehicle
opposes oppose
download downloaded
halting halt
negotiate negotiating
determine determining
ban banning
ambience ambiance
humor humour
someone somebody
synchronize synchronise
spraying spray
observers observer
feasible achievable
tendering tender
probability likelihood
host hosts
potentials potential
civilizations civilisations
resolution resolutions
unlawfully illegally
update updated
explored explore
resolutions resolution
organizations organisations
center centre
centers centres
centers centre
center centres
principally predominantly
unanticipated unforeseen
organised organized
organised organizing
extraordinarily incredibly
vanish disappear
jeopardized jeopardised
sharing shares
efficacy effectiveness
items item
disturbing disquieting
unreadable illegible
connect connecting
gentleman gentlemen
limousine limo
forbid prohibit
anaesthetic anesthetic
informally unofficially
celebrating commemorating
changes modifications
defining define
exceptional extraordinary
product products
remodeling remodelling
conversion converted
urges urge
involvement participation
humankind mankind
specialising specializing
specialising specialized
amphibians amphibian
talk talking
vehicles vehicle
eliminated deleted
eliminated delete
workshops workshop
invites invite
dependency dependence
specialize specialise
transforming transform
marvelous wonderful
wiping wipes
stresses emphasizes
extremely extraordinarily
diagnosis diagnosed
user users
revision revisions
inventiveness ingenuity
judgment judgement
exams examination
exams examinations
dosage dose
principle principles
recording record
recording records
restore restoring
pertinent relevant
accelerating accelerated
pretending pretend
tumours tumors
prevent preventing
rumour rumor
competition contests
instant instantaneous
risen increased
rise increased
risen increase
risen increasing
groundless unfounded
illuminating enlightening
reprisal retaliation
courageous brave
cooperates collaboration
totally entirely
intelligently wisely
discontinued ceased
cooperation cooperating
invest investing
boiling boil
blonde blond
cogent convincing
converted conversion
improvements improvement
inserting insert
illness disease
hasan hassan
vaccine vaccines
quarantined quarantine
telephone phone
evidently obviously
programme program
programme programs
meaningless pointless
revision revising
revision revised
skilful skillful
scared frightened
contributions contribution
however nevertheless
fortunately thankfully
target targets
problems problem
deploy deployed
formerly previously
switching switch
participation involvement
worshippers worshipers
organizers organisers
communicated communication
eliminating eliminate
details detail
leukaemia leukemia
success succeeded
analysed analysis
partnerships partnership
recognize recognizing
issues issuance
issuing issuance
resurrect resuscitate
jeopardised jeopardized
unblocked unlocked
specialise specialize
huge enormous
imminent impending
spills spilled
posted positioned
entirely totally
collaboration cooperation
justifiable justified
oppose opposes
pretend pretending
diagnosis diagnosed
examination exam
severely seriously
martyr martyred
soybean soya
supposition assumption
soy soybean
ruble rouble
spend spending
reviewing revisited
reviewed revisited
review revisited
upcoming forthcoming
directories directory
maker manufacturer
lifting lift
concentrated concentrate
products product
expand expanded
firefighter firemen
firefighter fireman
judgement judgment
neighbor neighbour
undeniably undoubtedly
materialistic materialist
protecting protect
imperialist imperialistic
reviews reviewing
review reviewing
discarding discard
flavored flavoured
partnership partnerships
capacity capability
contests competition
topple overthrow
unparalleled unmatched
density densities
buyer purchaser
honoring honouring
downloaded uploaded
fisheries fishery
registers registries
register registries
demeaning degrading
advance advanced
accessible available
jeopardised jeopardized
counterfeit counterfeiting
apologizing apologising
predominantly primarily
wrongly erroneously
rumors rumours
immensely enormously
carburetor carburettor
coordinated concerted
civilisations civilizations
vaccines vaccine
government governments
cancel cancelled
deleted eliminated
delete eliminated
unusually exceptionally
esthetic aesthetic
zooming zoom
win winning
animals animal
recycle recycling
chose choice
anaesthetist anesthesiologist
quakes earthquakes
unquestionable indisputable
worshipers worshippers
choice chose
cemetery graveyard
adequately appropriately
positioned posted
needed required
irreversibly irrevocably
monitors monitor
limo limousine
modify modifying
contribution contributions
dependent dependant
decreases declines
unrestrained unbridled
mistreated mistreatment
reluctance unwillingness
users user
carburettor carburetor
donor donors
paediatrician pediatrician
examine examining
evaluated assessed
evaluated assess
intolerable unbearable
payment payments
normally ordinarily
diagnosed diagnosis
intelligible comprehensible
reporting report
inequalities inequities
killers murderers
declines decreases
gray grey
respecting respect
protective protections
boil boiling
neighbors neighbours
forbid prohibit
forbid prohibiting
forbid prohibits
donors donor
favorite favourite
pupils pupil
function functioning
immigrants immigrant
assigning assign
adolescent teenage
interventions interferences
interventions interference
assessed evaluated
assess evaluated
dormitory dorm
physicians doctor
physician doctor
organisers organizers
lift lifting
commemorating celebrating
obtains attained
obtains attains
deterioration deteriorated
pirates pirated
perspective perspectives
thus therefore
amazingly astonishingly
continuous constant
endanger jeopardise
injured wounded
cooperating cooperation
files file
rank ranking
hymn anthem
parameter parameters
increase rising
increasing rising
increased rising
complex complicated
colouring coloring
anesthesiologist anaesthetist
routes routing
judgement judgment
millimetre millimeter
emission emissions
looting pillaging
preventing prevent
socialists socialist
cull culling
judgement judgment
unjust unfair
revising revision
revised revision
powerlessness helplessness
refuelling refueling
blackmail blackmailing
macau macao
flagrant blatant
vegetables vegetable
rising increase
rising increasing
rising increased
braking brake
kilometres kilometers
sceptical skeptical
suppressing repressing
unequivocal unambiguous
teachers teacher
threats threatens
glasses eyeglasses
costs cost
stubbornly obstinately
relationships relationship
mirrors mirrored
restricting restrict
fervour fervor
capping caps
honouring honoring
doubtful questionable
mammal mammals
splitting split
indeterminate indefinite
extraordinary exceptional
compared comparison
mainly principally
reviews examinations
rumours rumors
amusing entertaining
chiefly principally
searching search
win winning
diagnosed diagnosis
preceding previous
numerical numeric
materialized materialised
indisputable undeniable
principally chiefly
inquiry investigation
invite invites
change changes
professionals professional
accelerated accelerate
registries registers
registries register
authorized authorised
exempt exempted
yearly annual
advanced advance
unfeasible unworkable
hinder impede
apologising apologizing
ingredient ingredients
antenatal prenatal
eastward east
wounded injured
carpet carpeting
neighbour neighbor
discard discarding
obligatory mandatory
unforgivable inexcusable
potent powerful
reaffirmed reaffirm
cancel cancelling
amphibian amphibians
sulfur sulphur
headlights headlight
disgruntled disaffected
truly really
seperated separated
labor labour
arbitrator arbiter
moderated moderate
underscore underlines
underscore underline
kilometers kilometres
decline decrease
underline underscores
underlines underscores
cooperation collaborated
modifications changes
indisputably undeniably
condescending patronising
invites inviting
invite inviting
restricts constrains
grandchild grandson
relationship relationships
analyse analysed
constant continuous
blending blend
accidentally inadvertently
organizers organisers
payments payment
presumably probably
succeeded success
effectiveness efficacy
anesthetic anaesthetic
personalized personalised
neighbours neighbors
mandatory compulsory
croat croatian
realization realisation
herds herding
millimeter millimetre
winning win
safeguard safeguarding
deteriorate worsen
pooling pools
underscores underline
underscores underlines
allocated allotted
likewise similarly
withdrawing withdrawals
supervise oversee
phosphorus phosphorous
honor honour
color colour
oversees supervising
oversee supervises
oversees supervises
annihilated exterminated
trees tree
protect protecting
preventing prevent
opening open
remodelling remodeling
deteriorated deterioration
supervising oversees
supervises oversee
supervises oversees
unnecessarily needlessly
cancelling cancel
powerlessness impotence
tb tuberculosis
deployed deploy
ingredients ingredient
exterminated annihilated
donors donor
create creating
donor donors
informing inform
courts tribunal
incited instigated
exclusively solely
programme programmes
accepting accept
improper inappropriate
knowingly intentionally
matrimonial marital
marvelous marvellous
resuscitate resurrect
baseless groundless
withdrawals withdrawing
intensifying intensify
colour color
comparison compared
flavors flavours
sizeable sizable
stabilisation stabilization
dispersal dispersion
incredibly extraordinarily
update updated
updates updated
compared comparison
coloring colouring
change changing
changes changing
skilfully skillfully
adequately properly
personalised personalized
favouritism favoritism
unquestionable undeniable
colour color
centre centres
illegible unreadable
resolution resolutions
organizing organising
rise increase
informing inform
solvents solvent
accelerated accelerating
murderers killers
mistreatment maltreatment
lymph lymphatic
immense enormous
burn burning
relationships relationship
unthinkable unimaginable
tender tendering
favourite favorite
photocopying photocopy
communicable infectious
servers server
increases rises
increase rises
increases rise
threatens threats
expensive costly
stairway staircase
precipitated precipitate
honoured honour
evaluations evaluation
materialised materialized
dorms dormitories
collect collecting
intercepting intercept
indisputable incontestable
comprehend understand
comprehend understood
judgement judgment
perseverance tenacity
trafficking traffic
agreements treaties
write writing
solvent solvents
centrepiece centerpiece
blatant flagrant
chiefly primarily
issuance issues
issuance issuing
astonishing surprising
sizable sizeable
welcomes welcome
mould mold
canoeing canoe
properly correctly
insufficiency inadequacy
transform transforming
argentines argentinians
continual continuous
efficacy efficiency
bacteria bacterium
hamper hinder
millimeters millimetres
effectiveness efficacy
rehabilitated refurbished
snapshots snapshot
compress compressing
hook hooks
croatians croats
routing routes
strict stringent
stricter stringent
payment payments
knowingly consciously
instigated incited
educating educate
markedly significantly
vehicle vehicles
objects objets
conversion converting
marital matrimonial
advertisement advertising
inequalities inequities
inequality inequities
criticized criticise
criticized criticised
library libraries
imposter impostor
misunderstood misinterpreted
enormous huge
neighbors neighbours
draws drawn
repressing suppressing
comparison compared
torturing torture
patronising condescending
thankfully luckily
select choose
scarcely hardly
dialing dial
horrible horrific
situations circumstances
deploy deploying
expanded expansion
organisers organizers
rebellion revolt
parameters parameter
combat combating
bid bidding
inequities inequalities
guerrilla guerilla
conference conferences
file files
communicable contagious
children child
affects afflicts
enormously immensely
promoted promotion
entertaining amusing
phosphorous phosphorus
inadvertently accidentally
undeniable indisputable
flavours flavors
technologically technically
unmatched unparalleled
consecutive successive
child children
argentinians argentines
kidnaped kidnapped
recognized acknowledged
increased enhanced
deception deceit
bicycle bike
wrongfully wrongly
drilling drill
lately recently
cyclical cyclic
certificates certificate
investigated examined
dissatisfied unsatisfied
converting conversion
refurbished rehabilitated
subsidized subsidised
readily easily
authorised authorized
personalized personalised
discontinue cease
disseminate dissemination
tow towing
easily readily
examinations reviews
collaborated cooperation
lastly finally
headlight headlights
ranking rank
medicines medications
file files
battles struggles
civilians civilian
facilitate facilitating
issued issuance
tendering tender
criticized criticised
criticized criticise
deepening deepen
update updating
fluid liquid
emotive emotional
indicators indicator
euros euro
unconnected unrelated
reaffirm reiterate
step steps
accelerate accelerated
retaliation reprisal
unease uneasiness
investing invest
personalised personalized
advisor adviser
blend blending
paint painted
inconsistent incoherent
therefore thus
euro euros
examined investigated
promotion promoted
indisputable unquestionable
worrisome worrying
protected safeguards
protected safeguard
nesting nest
offspring progeny
theaters theatres
theaters theatre
open opening
caps capping
firework fireworks
reaffirm reaffirmed
canceling cancel
object objects
reduced decreased
reduce decreased
reducing decreased
reduced decrease
notes noting
mankind humankind
relationship relationships
chairwoman chairman
chairwoman chairmen
migrated migrate
decreased reduced
decreased reduce
decreased reducing
decrease reduced
exterminate annihilate
decreased declined
decrease declined
discredit discrediting
incredibly unbelievably
fully completely
files file
skillfully skilfully
maneuvers manoeuvres
permissible allowable
tenacity perseverance
clicking click
spacecraft spaceship
pricing price
pricing prices
societal social
insurrection uprising
reinstated rehabilitated
vegetable vegetables
duplicated duplicate
neighbouring neighbour
misinterpreted misunderstood
asymmetrical asymmetric
horrifying horrific
enhanced increased
destructive devastating
boycotting boycott
neighbours neighbors
acknowledged recognized
endlessly indefinitely
fatherland motherland
fascinating exciting
burka burqa
pools pooling
criticise criticized
criticised criticized
disrupted disturbed
justified justification
declined decreased
declined decrease
rehabilitated reinstated
weighed weight
weighed weighted
likelihood probability
certainly undoubtedly
struggles battles
split splitting
estimating estimate
estimating estimates
uncommonly unusually
apologise apologize
completely fully
preposterous absurd
millimetres millimeters
decrease decline
displeasure discontent
synchronized synched
centimeter centimetre
chemical chemicals
programmes programs
programme programs
detail details
disturbed disrupted
communicating communicate
illicit illegal
recommend recommended
sampling sample
towing tow
improvement improvements
adapting adapt
snapshot snapshots
horrific horrible
flavoured flavored
staircase stairway
attained obtains
attains obtains
condemned denounce
improvements improvement
condemned denounced
apologize apologise
separated seperated
protects safeguards
protects safeguard
fiscally financially
interminable endless
acknowledgement recognition
serbian serb
culling cull
revitalized rejuvenated
unimaginable inconceivable
assign assigning
justification justified
hostility enmity
customized personalized
traffic trafficking
measurement measurements
inconceivable unimaginable
sounds sound
equals equal
suspended discontinued
really truly
organise organize
devoted dedicated
files filings
conduct conducting
prenatal antenatal
amazingly surprisingly
rises increases
rises increase
rise increases
select selecting
payments payment
subsidised subsidized
bloodbath bloodshed
define defining
lamentable deplorable
often frequently
wounded wounds
aboriginal indigenous
logistics logistical
transfer transferring
rose surges
rises surges
rise surges
emissions emission
grounded ground
concerning regarding
reaffirm reconfirm
reaffirmed reconfirm
organization organisation
client clients
indisputable incontrovertible
criticised criticized
criticise criticized
humankind mankind
labour labor
eradicating eradicate
disrupted disturbed
impostor imposter
weighed weight
weighing weight
weighed weights
weighed weighted
hamper impede
primarily predominantly
lamentable regrettable
unfounded groundless
dissuade discourage
ecologist environmentalist
safeguards protected
safeguard protected
unwanted undesirable
restrict restricting
blond blonde
wrongly incorrectly
examining investigating
examines investigating
bursting burst
notices notifications
obligatory compulsory
yugoslav yugoslavian
objects object
reloading reload
expenditures expenses
evaluation evaluations
immensity enormity
inspirational inspiring
supposedly allegedly
animal animals
confectionary confectionery
program programme
programs programme
treaties agreements
exchange exchanging
washing wash
list listing
capacity capability
rejuvenated revitalized
disturbed disrupted
activity activities
enquiry inquiry
acknowledged recognised
nest nesting
expenses expenditures
finish finishing
enough sufficient
females female
faxing fax
analysing analyzing
loading load
condemn denounced
condemning denounced
condemned denounced
advisors advisers
protects protect
vapor vapour
colours colors
unbridled unrestrained
doable feasible
master masters
television tv
distributes circulates
investigating examining
investigating examines
strengthened bolstered
arrangement agreement
adrenaline adrenalin
emphasizes stresses
teenage adolescent
croatian croat
defines define
suspended discontinued
spiralling spiral
spectacles glasses
item items
halt stop
manoeuvres maneuvers
server servers
magnificent wonderful
dedicated devoted
heating heat
heating heats
ingenuity inventiveness
overseen supervised
load loading
visitor visitors
headquarters headquarter
certificate certificates
assistants assistant
kilometres kilometers
opportunity opportunities
resting rest
sensibility sensitivity
workshop workshops
supervised overseen
switch switching
scouring scour
inequities inequalities
inequities inequality
discontinued suspended
shamefully disgracefully
essential indispensable
dreadful terrible
antennae antenna
conducting conduct
adviser advisor
personalized customized
denounce condemned
denounced condemned
undesirable unwanted
chimpanzee chimp
appointment appointments
genuinely truly
unintentional unintended
fraternity brotherhood
examining examine
clients client
capacities capabilities
respect respecting
kilometers kilometres
fractured fracture
watt watts
doses dosages
disappointment disillusionment
incapacity inability
protecting protect
investigation probing
organisations organization
organisation organizations
organisations organizations
organisation organization
weird bizarre
disgracefully shamefully
densities density
orphan orphaned
advisers advisors
encourage encouraging
interferences interventions
interference interventions
constrains restricts
poisoning poison
mustaches moustaches
indicates indicate
talented gifted
barbarous barbaric
rationalise rationalize
rationalise rationalizing
falls fall
mobilized mobilised
displaying display
haj hajj
motivations motives
fulfillment fulfilment
battled struggled
strengthened bolstered
groundless baseless
cooperation collaboration
moustaches mustaches
increased increases
increased increase
drill drilling
theatres theaters
theatre theaters
unimaginable unthinkable
marihuana marijuana
canoe canoeing
collaboration cooperating
rise increasing
rise increase
rise increased
humanity humankind
repatriation repatriated
professional professionals
personalize customize
endangered jeopardized
programmes programme
understands comprehends
classifications classification
discouraged dissuaded
unforeseeable unforeseen
northeastern northeast
oversaw supervised
overseeing supervised
oversee supervised
ineffectual inefficient
forecast forecasted
segregate separate
neutralized neutralised
expert experts
cancelled cancel
alternate alternative
dispatching dispatch
motherland fatherland
debatable questionable
jeopardized endangered
accurately precisely
restricts restrains
product products
maze labyrinth
decrease reduction
supervised oversaw
supervised overseeing
supervised oversee
bidding bid
overloading overload
reused reuse
inform informing
discontinued suspended
intensely intensively
devastating destructive
rebuilding rebuild
consternation dismay
denounced condemn
denounced condemning
denounced condemned
restricting restrict
upwards upward
eliminate eliminating
authorizes authorising
authorizing authorising
notifications notices
deleted delete
hajj haj
disillusioned disappointed
judgment judgement
rationalized rationalization
chosen selected
disastrous catastrophic
maneuvers manoeuvres
mixing mix
mixing mixes
stabiliser stabilizer
colors colours
seriously severely
photocopy photocopying
insert inserting
classmates schoolmates
coordinate coordinates
transport transporting
weld welding
rocket rockets
aligning align
characteristics characteristic
investigated investigative
egoism selfishness
intriguing fascinating
slovakian slovak
slovakian slovaks
scarcely barely
imprecise inaccurate
mobilize mobilised
mobilized mobilised
principles principle
ruthless merciless
underrated underestimated
bounded bound
reduction decreasing
vapor vapour
undeniably indisputably
battled struggled
permitting permit
standard standards
attempting attempt
incorrectly erroneously
escalation escalated
routinely regularly
consistency coherence
africans african
mayans maya
interpretations interpreting
overrated overestimated
allegedly supposedly
rationalization rationalized
dredged dredge
thereby thus
inquiries enquiries
seminar seminars
assessment evaluated
contamination pollution
previously formerly
disaster catastrophe
peculiarity particularity
fracture fractured
products product
backward backwards
clotting coagulation
auto automobile
grandson grandchild
positions stances
kidnappings kidnaps
affected afflicted
available accessible
issuance issued
probing investigation
discrediting discredit
environmentalists ecologists
accountancy accounting
honour honoured
rationing ration
protect protecting
unfounded unjustified
colonised colonized
impede hamper
indefinite indeterminate
disappeared dissipated
hampers impairs
rockets rocket
mohammad mohammed
swimming swim
dwarfs dwarves
impairs hampers
edit edited
license licensing
jobless unemployed
destruction destroyed
tuberculosis tb
wrongly wrongfully
statistics statistical
laughable ridiculous
expenditure spending
programs programmes
programs programme
collaborate cooperate
amoral immoral
nepalese nepali
expedited accelerated
launching launches
launching launch
materials material
ngos ngo
serbians serbs
glasses spectacles
assisting assist
assisting assists
disconnecting disconnect
material materials
environmentalist ecologist
descendant descendent
decrease decline
choose select
chose select
choose selected
terrific wonderful
mobilised mobilized
sheik sheikh
simplify simplifying
escalated escalation
indicate indicates
handicapped disabled
coherence consistency
wholly totally
destroyed destruction
colonized colonised
decreasing reduction
dreaming dream
inviting invites
inviting invite
volunteers voluntary
rectification correction
analysed analyse
revisited reviewing
revisited reviewed
revisited review
ngo ngos
praiseworthy commendable
participant participants
unjustifiable unjustified
streamline streamlined
disquieting worrisome
tribunal courts
required require
grille grill
principle principles
disconnecting disconnect
provisionally temporarily
bolstered strengthened
firemen firefighter
fireman firefighter
dishonored dishonoured
estimation estimate
estimation estimates
dispose disposed
notices notifications
notices notification
safeguards protects
safeguard protects
mobilize mobilizing
envelops envelope
misinterpreted misconstrued
reviewed revised
review revised
donuts doughnuts
sulphur sulfur
enquiries inquiries
filings files
bloodshed bloodbath
movie film
circulates distributes
paternal parental
classification classifications
voluntary volunteers
connecting connect
transforming transform
covering covers
covering cover
stressed emphasised
confectionery confectionary
motives motivations
proportional proportionate
revolutionized revolutionised
organize organise
ecologists environmentalists
removing remove
cooperating collaboration
vomiting vomit
determining determine
expands broadens
expands broaden
expands broadening
exaggeration overstatement
collaboration collaborating
intercept intercepting
counselor counsellor
eminent prominent
unbiased impartial
sized size
stalemate impasse
restore restoring
signal signalling
destruction destroyed
struggled battled
rebels rebel
licenses licences
conferences conference
evaluated assessment
obtained attained
assistant assistants
speedily quickly
invite invites
enhancing strengthening
manoeuvres maneuvers
search searching
odor odour
libel defamation
intensively intensely
negotiating negotiate
commitments obligations
bid bidding
orphaned orphans
eliminated exterminated
seemingly apparently
mortally fatally
repatriated repatriation
deceptive misleading
publish published
ensuring ensure
expresses express
unforeseen unanticipated
mobilised mobilize
mobilised mobilized
facilitating facilitate
analysis analyses
rules regulations
rules regulation
guarding guard
continuously consistently
restrains constrains
destroyed destruction
creation establishment
mohammed mohammad
neighbour neighbouring
battleground battlefield
criticizing criticising
saves savings
achievements achievement
adopts adopt
impasse stalemate
wonderful marvellous
convincing compelling
constrains restrains
similarly likewise
immunization vaccination
bound bounded
doughnuts donuts
neutralised neutralized
dishonoured dishonored
anyone anybody
retracted recanted
leak leakage
participants participant
burning burn
troubling worrying
ruthlessly mercilessly
required needed
bolstered strengthened
restrains restricts
dissuaded discouraged
dosages doses
detentions detention
preventive preventative
accordingly consequently
advisor adviser
advisors advisers
advisors adviser
advisor advisers
investigative investigated
vengeance revenge
undeniable unquestionable
heat heating
heats heating
spray spraying
skilled qualified
death deaths
recommended recommend
liters litre
liters litres
grey gray
accelerate accelerating
experts expert
obligations commitments
opening open
railroad railway
sample sampling
coagulation clotting
questionable doubtful
overrated overstated
worsen deteriorate
ground grounded
searching search
dissatisfaction displeasure
marvellous marvelous
justified justifiable
tree trees
caliber calibre
thanking thank
overthrow topple
achievement achievements
recommendation recommendations
fishery fisheries
adult adults
thinks thoughts
think thoughts
afflicts affects
obtained attained
limousine limo
enable allow
exceedingly extraordinarily
unrivaled unparalleled
autocratic authoritarian
decline decrease
specifics particulars
require requires
authorising authorizes
authorising authorizing
speedily rapidly
differs diverge
duplicate duplicated
ineffective ineffectual
ends end
revenge vengeance
rebuilt reconstructed
prisoners inmates
cancel canceling
contagious communicable
mucus mucous
center centre
eastwards east
afterwards thereafter
mainly mostly
centre center
exciting fascinating
killer murderer
understand understanding
characterized characterised
exaggerated overstated
northwest northwestern
tacitly implicitly
filmmakers cinematographers
indicator indicators
targets target
revenged avenged
fireworks firework
revolutionised revolutionized
misconstrued misinterpreted
berne bern
disenchantment disappointment
gentlemen gentleman
temporarily provisionally
regulations rules
regulation rules
pleasurable pleasant
greatly significantly
particulars specifics
acknowledges recognizes
perceptible noticeable
cooperation collaborating
distributed circulated
evidently apparently
tranquilizers tranquillisers
diffusion dissemination
stops halts
interventions intervention
graduated graduate
renovation refurbishment
inform informing
schoolmates classmates
rumor rumour
martinis martini
prepare prepared
notifications notices
notification notices
doctorate phd
refused refusal
celebrate commemorate
uncontrolled unchecked
empowering empower
afterwards afterward
precipitate precipitated
align aligning
resuscitate revive
splendid magnificent
synched synchronized
israeli israelis
decreasing declining
inopportune inappropriate
facilitate facilitating
molds moulds
eliminates eliminate
exploitive exploitative
calamitous disastrous
databases database
definitely definitively
theorist theoretician
reinstating rehabilitating
hinder hamper
outdated antiquated
posed poses
wash washing
spending expenditure
required necessary
treatable curable
marseilles marseille
scour scouring
inquiry enquiries
inquiries enquiries
brotherhood fraternity
commemorate celebrate
criticising criticizing
sentencing sentence
supports support
guerillas guerrillas
abnormalities anomalies
justifying justification
declining decreasing
grateful thankful
rehabilitating reinstating
communicate interacts
communicates interacts
climbing climb
characterization characterized
intervention interventions
unsubstantiated groundless
characteristic characteristics
predominantly mainly
mimic imitate
circumstances situations
markedly considerably
notably particularly
barbeque barbecue
indicators indicator
unselfish selfless
honorable honourable
licences licenses
divergent different
helpless powerless
restrict restricted
overstated exaggerated
fillets filets
supporting support
intermingled commingled
bruising bruises
preposterous ludicrous
settler settlers
reunion reunification
permits permissions
serb serbian
wonderful marvelous
advantageous beneficial
rug carpet
infrastructures infrastructure
characterized characterise
characterized characterised
inappropriate improper
thoughts thinks
thoughts think
calculate calculated
persistence perseverance
change changing
deter discourage
school schooling
objective objectives
impasse deadlock
normally generally
attending attend
probably presumably
kidnaps kidnappings
click clicking
compelling convincing
north northern
marseille marseilles
dissipated disappeared
allegedly reportedly
mankind humankind
design designing
registering register
silly stupid
reload reloading
inmates prisoners
magnificent splendid
provisionally tentatively
computed calculated
dredge dredging
serbians serbs
leakage leak
reduction declined
collaborating collaboration
anomalies abnormalities
purposely deliberately
distribute circulated
distributing circulated
distributed circulated
unrelated unconnected
adjustments adaptations
advert advertisement
headquarter headquarters
specifically specially
justification justifying
personalize customize
disputed controversial
juridical judicial
intelligible understandable
channels canals
downturn recession
mathematics mathematical
understanding understand
dispersion dispersal
brake braking
mistakenly incorrectly
obtains gain
obtains gains
bruises bruising
grandmother grandma
focus focused
broadened widened
understood comprehended
filets fillets
extended expanded
sympathizers sympathisers
interpreting interpretations
characterized characterization
analysing analyse
disprove refute
east eastwards
croats croatians
struggled battled
anemic anaemic
envisioned envisaged
improvement improvements
fertilized fertilised
restricted restrained
chiefly mainly
principle principles
investigators interrogators
mandatory obligatory
grudgingly reluctantly
refusal refused
ingenuity resourcefulness
delete eliminating
litre liters
litres liters
justifiably rightly
avoidable preventable
habitats habitat
rewarding reward
interacts communicate
interacts communicates
burdensome onerous
apparently seemingly
designated designate
communist communists
gigantic giant
replies responses
reply responses
replies response
barbarity barbarism
enquiries inquiry
enquiries inquiries
southeastern southeast
medications medicines
artifacts artefacts
centre center
sabotaging sabotage
vomit vomiting
recanted retracted
colonized colonised
open opening
commingled intermingled
recession downturn
intimately inextricably
ovary ovarian
burglarized burgled
fantastic terrific
murderer killer
uploaded downloaded
uploaded download
downloaded uploaded
download uploaded
intensify intensifying
reaffirm reiterate
burgled burglarized
warnings warns
comprehends understands
lucrative profitable
migrate migrated
countering combating
movies films
unfortunately sadly
sensible reasonable
scarcity shortage
reconstructed rebuilt
ventilating ventilation
characteristics characters
passport passports
fictional fictitious
consequently therefore
continued continuous
organize organizing
monitor monitors
resumes restarts
adults adult
exact accurate
award awards
bravely boldly
enormously hugely
pivotal crucial
client customer
prohibiting forbids
prohibits forbids
technologies techs
item items
pillaging plundering
centimetre centimeter
unfettered unhindered
adrenalin adrenaline
quicker faster
requires require
disputed contested
defenses defences
defenses defence
stairways stairs
subsequently then
underlined underscoring
boycott boycotting
broadens expands
broaden expands
broadening expands
shave shaving
record recording
records recording
endangered jeopardised
giant gigantic
watts watt
narcotic narcotics
uprising insurrection
widened broadened
kilograms kilos
entrance entry
government governments
networking network
enlightening illuminating
attained obtained
database databases
signatures signature
restored reinstated
films movies
contaminate pollute
martini martinis
agreement arrangement
guerrillas guerillas
objectives objective
unintentionally involuntarily
applications application
vapour vapor
splendid wonderful
adaptations adjustments
inability incapacity
broadening widened
broadened widened
broaden widened
underscoring underlined
moulds molds
disturbance disruption
aluminum aluminium
heartily wholeheartedly
poison poisoning
simplifying simplify
obtain attained
patent patented
credible reliable
eliminating delete
overseeing supervising
unfettered unrestricted
vaccinated inoculated
efficient effective
recorded registered
overload overloading
fetal foetal
maltreatment mistreatment
experiences experience
customers consumers
ticketing ticket
converting convert
organising organise
awards award
combating combat
changing change
contracts agreements
analyse analysing
agreements contracts
clergyman cleric
clergymen cleric
supervising overseeing
liquid fluid
visitors visitor
normality normalcy
cinematographers filmmakers
promoting promote
stabilization stabilisation
achieve achieving
disabled handicapped
capacities capacity
allotted allocated
unhindered unfettered
recruitment recruiting
wounds wounded
hopelessness despair
regarding concerning
click clicking
chairman chairperson
chairmen chairperson
connect connecting
missions mission
wonderful magnificent
discount discounting
characterised characterized
blonde blond
courteous polite
continual constant
envisaged envisioned
technically technologically
baseless unfounded
consistently continuously
derivatives derivative
notified informed
notify informed
regulation regulations
objective objectives
worsens deteriorates
neighborhood neighbourhood
rescuing rescues
rescuing rescue
invites invite
collaborating cooperation
mounting mount
impeding obstruct
certificates credentials
templates template
omnipresent ubiquitous
deteriorates worsens
specifics particulars
specific particulars
moderator facilitator
classifying classify
wisely intelligently
powerless helpless
avenged revenged
organisation organization
responses replies
responses reply
response replies
praying pray
widened broadening
widened broadened
widened broaden
maya mayans
attained obtained
expenditures expenses
choose select
improvement improvements
splendor splendour
opportunities opportunity
normalcy normality
informed notified
informed notify
gain obtains
gains obtains
egotism selfishness
inoculated vaccinated
focused focus
troubling disquieting
scheduled planned
occasionally sometimes
disquieting worrying
terrific fantastic
obstinate stubborn
recognizes acknowledges
strengthened intensified
phone telephone
exacerbated aggravated
adapt adapting
masters master
organizing organize
endangering jeopardizing
truly genuinely
tranquillisers tranquilizers
rationalize rationalise
rationalizing rationalise
improvements improvement
combat combating
circulated distributed
searching search
searching searches
blast explosion
plundering pillaging
adaptor adapter
sympathisers sympathizers
expulsion deportation
armistice truce
agriculture farming
efficient effective
updating update
illegally unlawfully
jeopardizing endangering
customize personalize
particulars specifics
particulars specific
reliable credible
consumers customers
cellar basement
edit editing
chairwoman chairperson
expanded broadened
increases increased
increase increased
painted paint
disdain contempt
restrict limit
bookshop bookstore
selfishness egoism
defences defenses
defence defenses
opened open
honour honor
properly adequately
forbids prohibiting
forbids prohibits
analysis analyzes
farming agriculture
undermined undercut
exiting exit
comprised composed
banned prohibition
indicates indicate
reductions reduction
detention detentions
curable treatable
underestimated underrated
gathered congregated
drum drumming
characterise characterized
characterised characterized
colonised colonized
uncontrollable unmanageable
artefacts artifacts
organise organising
recognizing recognize
restarts resumes
remove removing
accounts account
slanderous defamatory
orbit orbiting
strategies strategy
forecasted forecast
notified informing
notified inform
notified informed
judgment judgements
judgment judgement
judgments judgements
judgments judgement
laughing laugh
resolve solve
communists communist
analyses analysis
tightening tighten
launches launching
launch launching
consequently accordingly
doctor physicians
buying purchasing
doctor physician
reaction response
telephone phone
reduced decreasing
reducing decreasing
northeastern northeast
restrained constrained
consciously knowingly
undoubtedly undeniably
pillage plundering
amazed surprised
hugely enormously
ensures ensure
usable useable
assessments evaluations
display displaying
intertwined entwined
reporting report
reporting reports
transferring transfer
unworkable unfeasible
mix mixing
mixes mixing
infrastructure infrastructures
fervor fervour
application applications
fertilised fertilized
constrained restrained
fraternal brotherly
continuous continued
annulment cancellation
experience experiences
protesters protestors
mobilizing mobilize
periodically regularly
useable usable
declined reduction
imprisonment incarceration
informing notified
inform notified
informed notified
goalie goalkeeper
exceptionally unusually
understand understanding
passports passport
laugh laughing
displays display
ration rationing
contested disputed
composed comprised
restrained restricted
unattainable unreachable
enhancing strengthening
evaluations assessments
successive consecutive
pervasive widespread
residency residence
qualified skilled
proper appropriate
disinfected decontaminated
circulated distribute
circulated distributing
circulated distributed
revised reviewed
revised review
detrimental harmful
signature signatures
deter discourage
affecting afflicting
combating combat
staff staffing
spokesperson spokesman
orphans orphaned
mission missions
characterise characterize
surges rose
surges rises
surges rise
select choosing
selecting choosing
imbalanced unbalanced
mainly predominantly
canals channels
jeopardised endangered
dredge dredged
disturbing worrying
mostly mainly
registered recorded
surveillance monitoring
degraded degrade
theoretician theorist
compulsory obligatory
downloading download
undermined undercut
defer postpone
unreachable unattainable
afflicted affected
exterminated eliminated
eradicated exterminated
emphasised stressed
gathered congregate
gathered congregated
manufactures manufacturing
manufacture manufacturing
sufficiently enough
supplier provider
diverge differs
safeguard protecting
safeguard protect
safeguarding protect
safeguards protect
safeguard protected
forsaken forsworn
classified categorized
onerous burdensome
attained obtain
account accounts
halts stops
aerodrome airfield
profits profit
splendour splendor
pakistani pakistanis
guaranteeing guarantees
guaranteeing guarantee
choosing select
choosing selecting
capabilities capability
differed diverged
comprised composed
comprising composed
template templates
establishment creation
odor odour
guidelines guideline
centre center
centres centers
centre centers
centres center
acceleration accelerated
accounting accountancy
obtained gained
drastically radically
grandpa grandfather
mistakenly wrongly
systemic systematic
hindrance impediment
warns warnings
inextricably intimately
battling struggling
persuasive convincing
unjustified unjustifiable
legalized legalised
foetal fetal
gained obtained
noting notes
increase raising
increased raises
increasing raises
increase raises
increases raising
increasing raising
increases raises
increased raising
responsibilities duties
itching itch
preventable avoidable
fascinating intriguing
simulated simulate
hassan hasan
standards standard
ranking rank
extending extend
artifacts artefacts
praiseworthy laudable
inadequacy insufficiency
accelerate accelerating
incinerated cremated
accelerated acceleration
deportation expulsion
modifications alterations
deadlock impasse
tender tendering
scarring scar
efficient effective
rebel rebels
review revisited
reviewed revisited
fulfilment fulfillment
customize personalize
dose dosage
counsellor counselor
overestimated overrated
stopped halted
stop halted
humanely humanly
confirmed corroborated
unofficial informal
mount mounting
unloading unload
pirate pirates
proportionate proportional
adjacent adjoining
abused misuse
abused misused
chartered charter
demolition demolished
change changes
unsurpassed unmatched
restrict restricting
indicate indicates
entwined intertwined
axe ax
negotiate negotiated
stairways stairs
peking beijing
typically generally
enables enable
globalisation globalization
decreasing reduced
penetrated infiltrated
decreasing reducing
expanded broaden
expand broaden
display displays
readable legible
ludicrous preposterous
scary frightening
cutting cut
renew renewed
obviously clearly
programme programmes
ordinarily usually
combating countering
reinforced strengthened
originals original
phd doctorate
enable allowed
enable allow
anaemic anemic
movable moveable
involuntarily unintentionally
stabilizer stabiliser
obtaining attaining
aliens extraterrestrials
plundering looting
globally worldwide
inexcusable indefensible
scheduling schedule
optimal optimum
expeditiously promptly
lustre luster
communicated interacted
composed comprised
composed comprising
utterly completely
capturing capture
anaesthetic anesthesia
differed diverged
differed diverge
deepen deepening
bacterium bacteria
spokesman spokesperson
variance difference
decontaminated disinfected
drunk drunken
negligible insignificant
matured mature
posts positions
reluctantly grudgingly
hasan hassan
bloodletting bloodshed
adaptations adaptation
provider supplier
reporters correspondents
bonding bond
assist assisting
assists assisting
legalized legalised
contracts agreements
agreements contracts
doggedly stubbornly
oversight supervision
doubtless undoubtedly
senseless pointless
regulations regulation
categorized classified
define defines
undercut undermined
interrogators investigators
enable enabling
prohibited proscribed
expressly specifically
efficacy effectiveness
convert converting
instructive informative
incinerated cremated
astonishing amazing
securely safely
recovered retrieved
adapting adaptation
dissenting dissent
accelerating accelerate
collects collect
negligence neglect
chairmen chairperson
disease illness
allows enabling
allows enables
allowing enables
allow enables
formulation formulates
formulation formulated
retained sustained
reset resetting
surprisingly amazingly
simulate simulated
lighting light
stopped halted
stopped halts
stop halted
duties responsibilities
confirmed corroborated
odors odours
indefinitely endlessly
luckily thankfully
grill grille
mucous mucus
disruptions interruptions
parlors parlours
gaming gambling
manufacturer maker
responses response
truce armistice
constrain restrict
governments government
analyzes analysis
albanians albanian
everlasting eternal
protecting protect
cremated incinerated
reinstated restored
reforming reform
country countries
estimate estimation
estimates estimation
open opened
reuse reused
changes change
unload unloading
aging ageing
mohamed mohammed
strategy strategies
edited edit
eradicating eradication
photography photograph
slaughterhouse abattoir
guideline guidelines
analysing analysis
recruiting recruit
cops policemen
hardly scarcely
effective efficient
response responses
stores storing
surprising astonishing
violated contravene
discounted discount
burqa burka
wonderful splendid
climb climbing
utterly totally
registers registries
collect collects
asymmetric asymmetrical
editing edit
delete eliminated
deleted eliminated
reduction reductions
horrendous horrific
renovated refurbished
adequate sufficient
hostility animosity
stairs staircases
interacted communicated
inestimable invaluable
governments government
fantastic terrific
notice notification
notice notifications
settlers settler
bomb bombs
formulates formulation
formulated formulation
continue continuing
intensified strengthened
stairs stairways
problem troubles
problems troubles
honourable honorable
authoritarian autocratic
obstruct impeding
tartars tatars
welcoming welcome
reiterate reaffirm
inevitable inescapable
boldly bravely
neighboring neighbouring
maybe perhaps
vaccination immunization
fairly relatively
sufficient enough
film movie
comprehended understood
interruptions disruptions
considerations examinations
migrate migrating
nearly approximately
retrieved recovered
inescapable unavoidable
enabling allows
enables allows
enables allowing
enables allow
terrorized terrorised
raising increase
raises increased
raises increasing
raises increase
raising increases
raising increasing
raises increases
raising increased
damned damn
archived archive
undercut undermined
largest hugest
exterminated eradicated
prohibited proscribed
exaggerating overstating
resumed restarted
display displaying
japanese japans
jihadist jihadi
unfair unjust
alterations modifications
important significant
limitations restrictions
pakistanis pakistani
upward upwards
conversions converts
paused pause
underneath beneath
recovered retrieved
evaluations assessments
analysis analyzed
positions posts
prohibited forbidden
strings string
examinations considerations
inordinately excessively
recovered reclaimed
analyzing analysing
event events
patented patent
artefacts artifacts
notification notice
serbs serbians
notifications notice
serb serbian
serb serbians
serbs serbian
suitably appropriately
fishes fish
polite courteous
comprehensible intelligible
distributed circulating
distributing circulating
broadened expanded
seminar seminars
institutions foundations
implicitly tacitly
lethal fatal
sustained retained
quotes quotations
reimbursement repayments
veterinary veterinarian
particularity peculiarity
exceedingly excessively
purposely intentionally
legalised legalized
swim swimming
effective efficient
delete deleting
arrangement agreement
tilt tilting
parlours parlors
cremated incinerated
abuse abused
significant important
dredging dredge
beheading decapitation
infiltrated penetrated
initiatives initiative
restricted curtailed
struggling battling
search searching
obligation obligations
events event
hesitancy hesitation
pollution contamination
congratulating congratulate
eliminated delete
eliminated deleted
harbors harbours
create creations
filipino philippine
imported import
fatally mortally
intercepting intercept
restrictions limitations
characters characteristics
awarding award
planned scheduled
government governments
aggravated exacerbated
advertising advertisement
schoolmate classmate
decrease reduced
decrease reduce
decrease reducing
simplify simplifying
demolished demolition
recommendations recommendation
investigations probes
accept accepted
armoured armour
harmful detrimental
promptly expeditiously
unrestricted unfettered
disposed dispose
alternative alternating
dwarves dwarfs
converts conversions
tow towing
mongol mongolian
refurbished renovated
unsettling disturbing
personalize customize
manoeuvring manoeuvre
repayments reimbursement
abdallah abdullah
animals animal
regained reclaimed
enquire inquire
serbs serbians
honour honor
designate designated
overstating exaggerating
rightly rightfully
mystic mystical
troubles problem
troubles problems
ban prohibition
contaminated polluted
retrieved recovered
correspondents reporters
intently attentively
terrorized terrorised
reclaimed recaptured
marijuana marihuana
itch itching
discussion conversations
discussions conversations
quickly swiftly
reappears resurfaces
resumed restarted
investigated probed
methods techniques
aggressiveness aggression
ancestry descent
protecting safeguard
protect safeguard
protect safeguarding
protect safeguards
protected safeguard
canadians canadian
polluted contaminated
harbours harbors
downloading uploading
worsened deteriorated
policemen cops
hugest largest
reasons reason
candidate candidates
infect infected
masterful masterly
centimeters centimetres
prohibiting forbade
prohibited forbid
prohibited forbade
prohibiting forbid
blonde blond
kissing kiss
recovered reclaimed
deteriorated worsened
interviews interview
overstated overrated
impaired hampered
respect respecting
marginalized marginalised
abused mistreatment
flu influenza
congregated gathered
partnerships partnership
continually consistently
monitoring supervises
monitors supervising
monitors supervises
monitor supervising
monitor supervises
methods method
photo photograph
awful dreadful
ensuring guaranteeing
judgements judgment
judgement judgment
judgements judgments
judgement judgments
eradication eradicate
altered changed
explore exploring
disaffected disgruntled
outmoded obsolete
particular specific
pollute contaminate
savings saves
legalised legalized
veracity truthfulness
facilitated facilitate
responsibility duties
responsibilities duties
responsibilities duty
pressurized pressurised
sanitized decontaminated
thanks thank
checked verification
accept accepting
restricted curtailed
noticeable perceptible
disconnect disconnecting
habitat habitats
broadening widening
unforeseen unforeseeable
understanding comprehending
thank thanking
unimportant insignificant
transitory transitional
crimes offences
method methods
probed investigated
modifications alterations
anchoring anchor
inquire enquire
reliable dependable
classify classifying
precisely accurately
reclaimed regained
surfaces surfacing
restricting restraining
extraordinarily exceedingly
options option
dial dialing
blocking block
embezzled misappropriated
outcomes outcome
poses posed
worrying disturbing
rafik rafiq
characterize characterise
odours odors
hampered impaired
analysis analyzed
misuse abused
misused abused
disappears vanishes
wilfully deliberately
organized organised
extend extending
allocated allotted
reduction declines
forbidden prohibited
recaptured reclaimed
report reporting
regained reclaimed
degrading demeaning
swiftly rapidly
mission missions
flagrantly blatantly
forsworn forsaken
odd strange
scar scarring
unjustified unfounded
duly properly
terrorised terrorized
averted forestalled
chairperson chairmen
revisions alterations
rest resting
cease discontinue
sufficient adequate
foundations institutions
reclaimed recaptured
restarted resumed
modifying modify
mystical mystic
recognizable identifiable
male males
inspiring inspirational
implied implicit
prohibition ban
worsened deteriorated
migrant migrants
exemptions exceptions
exceptions exemptions
antiquated outmoded
isolated insulated
deteriorated worsened
superfluous unnecessary
exception exemptions
exceptions exemptions
collided collision
marginalized marginalised
finally lastly
relocated resettled
compulsory mandatory
humanly humanely
memorized memorised
price pricing
prices pricing
selfishness egotism
congregate gathered
congregated gathered
interview interviews
paralyzed paralysed
incorrectly mistakenly
migrating migrate
quarantine quarantined
overthrows topples
accordance conformity
pressurised pressurized
contravene violate
widening broadening
limitations restrictions
cut cutting
tehran teheran
resurfaces reappears
strategy strategies
attaining obtaining
solve resolve
illegal illicit
asphyxiation suffocation
review revisiting
reviewing revisiting
vapour vapor
breathe breathing
probes investigations
decontaminated sanitized
worsening deterioration
coordinated coordinate
cohesive coherent
whilst while
unintended unintentional
chimpanzees chimps
northeast northeastern
prohibition banned
sheikh sheik
brotherly fraternal
objective aimed
tightened toughened
fruitless futile
unchangeable immutable
restrictions limitations
airplanes aeroplanes
mankind humanity
dissemination diffusion
worrying worrisome
vigorously energetically
inquiry enquiry
gratitude appreciation
towing tow
pleased happiest
pleased happy
secretive secret
enormous immense
decapitation beheading
creations create
ibn bin
registries registers
aimed objective
immeasurable incalculable
reclaimed regained
concerted coordinated
misuse abuse
reduces reduce
enormity immensity
interrupt interrupted
regrettable lamentable
adaptation adaptations
escorted escort
aluminium aluminum
conversations discussion
conversations discussions
defamatory slanderous
duties responsibility
duties responsibilities
duty responsibilities
impotent powerless
impatiently eagerly
bombs bomb
noticeably significantly
masterly masterful
potential potentials
disruptions interruptions
allocated allotted
forbade prohibiting
forbid prohibited
forbade prohibited
forbid prohibiting
recaptured reclaimed
differing divergent
extraterrestrials aliens
tunneling tunnel
barriers obstacles
collecting collect
cleaning cleansing
sizeable considerable
loveable lovable
deaths death
barbaric barbarous
diverged differed
organize organizing
assessment evaluation
redirecting redirect
deleting delete
halted stopped
halted stop
terrorised terrorized
missions mission
restarted resumed
inspection inspections
declines reduction
pirates pirate
unwilling reluctant
traumatized traumatised
touching touch
alternating alternative
neglect negligence
recommending recommend
speedily expeditiously
centimetres centimeters
agreement arrangement
automobile auto
tattooing tattoo
eventually finally
marginalised marginalized
option options
upbeat optimistic
search searching
searches searching
civilian civilians
unchangeable unchanging
isolated insulated
unrivaled unmatched
alternately alternatively
techniques methods
accountable responsible
rightfully rightly
unanticipated unintended
validate validated
increased raised
increase raised
relocated resettled
relocate resettled
spending expenditures
irrefutable indisputable
streamlined streamline
staircase stairway
varies differs
varied differs
varying differs
pointless senseless
volunteering voluntary
intentionally knowingly
stairs stairways
resulted outcome
preventable avoidable
misappropriated embezzled
significant important
presumption assumption
animal animals
heightened increased
tartars tatars
explicitly expressly
conventional traditional
horrific horrendous
marijuana marihuana
bargain bargaining
variations variants
blond blonde
competitions contests
beside alongside
facilitating facilitate
reclaimed recovered
improvements improvement
adviser advisor
advisers advisors
adviser advisors
advisers advisor
carelessness negligence
kidnapped kidnaped
interruptions disruptions
evident obvious
children child
gynecology gynaecology
fight battles
fights battles
anesthesia anaesthetic
principles principle
films movies
protecting safeguards
protecting safeguarding
intended intentioned
profoundly deeply
bidding bid
covers covering
cover covering
allowed enable
standard standards
allow enable
gynaecology gynecology
predominantly principally
impeded hampered
vehicle vehicles
coherence consistency
alterations modifications
justifiably justly
licensing license
filtered filter
comprising composing
exemptions exception
exemptions exceptions
recognized recognised
disconnect disconnecting
cruelly brutally
reason reasons
circulating distributed
circulating distributing
voluntary volunteering
unending endless
facilitator moderator
discourage dissuade
protestors protesters
maneuver manoeuvre
shareholders stockholders
pillage looting
forestalled averted
battles fight
battles fights
astonished surprised
organised organized
discourage deter
contravene violated
cleansing cleaning
revived resurrected
annul cancel
annul cancelled
infectious communicable
expanding broadening
alaikum aleikum
hampered impeded
permissions permits
stockpiled stockpile
usable useable
analyzed analysis
adaptors adapter
globalization globalisation
quotes quotations
comforting reassuring
prohibiting prohibit
annexed annex
prepared prepare
dismay consternation
weariness tiredness
undermines impairs
undermines impair
laudable praiseworthy
eradicated eliminated
deceives misleads
radically drastically
undermining undercutting
tighten tightening
unequalled unmatched
topples overthrows
diverged differed
diverge differed
investigation inquiry
consistency coherence
extend extending
halted stopped
halts stopped
halted stop
vanishes disappears
anywhere everywhere
criminality crime
menaces threats
vital critical
tremendously immensely
rents rent
annex annexed
transfer transferring
calibre caliber
perspectives viewpoints
northwestern northwest
harbors harbours
facilitate facilitated
deprivation privation
consignment shipment
grant grants
increase rise
luster lustre
paralysed paralyzed
thereafter subsequently
recording record
expressly explicitly
composing comprising
unmatched unsurpassed
specific particular
chrome chromium
ensure ensures
marginalised marginalized
limit restrict
resolving settled
resolved settled
looting plundering
scream screaming
screams screaming
accelerating accelerate
feb february
disinfected sanitized
coordinating coordination
misleads deceives
sample sampling
poisonous toxic
stressing emphasizing
investigations probes
congratulate congratulating
supervises monitoring
supervising monitors
supervises monitors
supervising monitor
supervises monitor
reparations reparation
bolster strengthen
bolster strengthened
curtailed restricted
ax axe
constantly consistently
anaesthesia anaesthetic
adviser advisor
disc disk
serbs serbians
moveable movable
reclaimed recovered
corresponds correspond
protected protect
japans japanese
bargaining bargain
overcrowded overpopulated
veterinarians veterinary
expenditures spending
informative instructive
remembrance commemoration
coordinating coordination
inspections inspection
substitutes substituting
objectives objective
effective efficient
differs varies
differs varied
differs varying
quotations quotes
initiated initiation
analysis analysing
analysis analyses
tatars tartars
selfless unselfish
everywhere anywhere
restraining restricting
choose choices
sound sounds
odour odor
laborious arduous
obstacles barriers
investigator researcher
partnership partnerships
vehicles vehicle
interplay interaction
chat chatting
homes houses
frightens terrifies
choices choose
sickness illness
inexcusable unjustifiable
configurations configuration
veterinary veterinarians
enough sufficiently
starting beginning
harbours harbors
filling fill
fictitious fictional
help aiding
helping aid
helping aiding
acknowledging recognizing
alterations revisions
rank ranking
creating create
chili chilli
analyzed analysis
zoom zooming
colors color
transform transforming
improvement improvements
horrifying appalling
uncovered unearthed
variations variants
grants grant
requisitioning requisition
contests competitions
adapter adaptors
uploading downloading
guides guide
restored regained
relatively fairly
ship vessel
sanitized disinfected
forthcoming upcoming
award awards
impairs undermines
impair undermines
strangest weirdest
arouses provokes
arouses provoke
perilous dangerous
avoidable preventable
variants variations
validated validate
stalemate deadlock
unparalleled unrivaled
important significant
barbarian barbaric
useable usable
groups grouping
group grouping
worsened exacerbated
afflicting affecting
foolish stupid
purposes objective
purposes objectives
outcome outcomes
initiation initiated
scared afraid
drier dried
aerodrome airfield
confirmations affirmations
restricted restrict
activating activate
merged amalgamated
insulated isolated
allotted allocated
bans prohibition
provokes arouses
provoke arouses
seminars seminar
environs surroundings
awards award
japanese japan
harmonize harmonizing
recognizes recognises
obtaining gain
obtaining gaining
savannahs savannas
replicate replicating
empower empowering
isolated segregated
horrific horrifying
proscribed prohibited
calamitous catastrophic
noticeable notable
jihadi jihadist
recognised acknowledged
shipment consignment
sheik sheikh
rate rates
administering administer
promote promoting
monitor monitored
storing stores
gain obtaining
gaining obtaining
investigations inquiries
sincerity honesty
corroborated confirmed
deplorable lamentable
raised increased
raised increase
pedophiles paedophiles
recruit recruiting
deplorable regrettable
degrade degraded
curtailed restricted
surveillance supervision
burst bursting
intercept intercepting
justified justifiable
solidify consolidate
fostering foster
wiretapping eavesdropping
outlined outlines
shipments consignments
recommends recommend
standpoint viewpoint
terrified terrorised
resetting restarting
conduct conducting
blatantly flagrantly
type types
spends expenditures
spending expenditures
rates rate
normally typically
barely scarcely
manifestly patently
fatal lethal
passageways passages
adopting adopt
orally verbally
chairperson chairwoman
endeavors endeavours
stem stems
initiated initiation
braking brake
terrorize terrorise
enabling enable
reductions decreases
reductions decrease
reduction decreases
judgement judgment
allowed enabled
exacerbated worsened
strategies strategy
verification checked
recognizing acknowledging
false faked
despair hopelessness
medication medicine
pumping pump
recognition acknowledgement
reiterate reaffirm
stringent rigorous
polling poll
stubborn obstinate
fucking fuck
stopping halting
fundamental essential
confirming corroborating
replicating replicate
accelerated expedited
approximately nearly
japan japanese
consolidate consolidated
precipitation rainfall
photograph photo
marvelous wonderful
spiral spiralling
labyrinth maze
annexe annex
weirdest strangest
fishery fisheries
abusing misused
abusing misusing
eliminated eradicated
transmitting transmit
disappears fades
recycling recycle
appropriate proper
humankind humanity
uncovered unearthed
creations establishment
landlords landowners
safeguards safeguard
restored regained
memorised memorized
results outcome
results outcomes
simulating simulate
techs technologies
initiative initiatives
estimate estimating
estimates estimating
optimum optimal
administer administering
celebrated celebrate
disclosed divulged
harmonize harmonized
resurrected revived
odour odor
endeavours endeavors
freeway expressway
interconnected interlocked
rebellions revolts
sings sing
maltreatment mistreatment
counsellors councillors
probes investigations
aim objective
traditional conventional
councillors counsellors
evaluation assessment
resident residents
philippine filipino
accurate exact
unusually extraordinarily
unfailing unwavering
unrivaled unrivalled
initiation initiated
screaming scream
screaming screams
laminated laminate
agreements pacts
lowered reduction
harmonized harmonize
telephone phone
telephones phones
telephones phone
telephone phones
expands widens
merged amalgamated
anchor anchoring
aeroplanes airplanes
insulated isolated
indefensible inexcusable
allotted allocated
liquids fluids
airplanes aeroplanes
accountancy accounting
afghans afghan
correspond corresponds
communicating interacting
halt halting
researcher investigator
indescribable unspeakable
designing designs
designing design
aleikum alaikum
savagely brutally
effectiveness efficacy
deterred discouraged
fill filling
revisited review
revisited reviewed
hannover hanover
chairwoman chairperson
castrated emasculated
migrants migrant
wearing wears
entry entrance
proscribed prohibited
lists list
commitment pledged
palestine palestinians
palestine palestinian
contamination contaminated
revolts rebellions
cooperate collaborate
configured configure
fades disappears
groundless unsubstantiated
appraisal evaluation
assessments evaluations
patently manifestly
sterility infertility
consistency coherence
guaranteeing ensuring
disillusion disenchantment
essential fundamental
toughened tightened
unwavering unfailing
purchasing buying
horrifying terrifying
corroborated confirmed
grandmothers grandmas
intolerable unacceptable
believable credible
info information
startling astonishing
consolidate consolidating
reappeared resurfaced
undercutting undermining
imported import
relevant pertinent
discouraged deterred
support supporting
tumultuous turbulent
involvement participation
ensured ensure
enabled allowed
liquid liquids
restarting resetting
arranged organizing
arranged organize
arranged organized
arranging organized
decreases reductions
decrease reductions
decreases reduction
recognised acknowledgement
marvelous marvellous
recovering retrieving
inquiries investigations
permit permitting
revisiting review
revisiting reviewing
features characteristics
variants variations
designing design
fluids liquids
articulated articulate
executing execute
components constituents
contaminated contamination
archaeology archaeological
canal channel
supervision surveillance
questionable debatable
recognized acknowledgement
generate generating
helpful useful
headstones gravestones
types type
traumatised traumatized
wrongly mistakenly
obstacles barriers
fucking fuck
typically normally
albanian albanians
quantifiable measurable
monitored monitor
outmoded antiquated
photograph photography
establishment creations
guide guides
impassioned passionate
identifying identify
postulated hypothesized
bans prohibitions
terminated discontinued
suppressed oppressed
resettled relocated
markedly substantially
organizing arranged
organize arranged
organized arranged
organized arranging
impacts influences
impact influences
afghan afghans
published publish
charter chartered
kilos kilograms
antipsychotics neuroleptics
objective purposes
objectives purposes
customer client
conflicted disputed
accursed cursed
adaptor adapter
devastation destruction
houses homes
escort escorted
interlocked interconnected
reschedule rescheduling
stockholders shareholders
detained incarcerated
terrorised terrified
croatian croat
terrifies frightens
oddly strangely
interfered intervened
alteration modification
monsters monster
programme program
programme programs
programme programmes
disk disc
calculated calculate
films movies
kidnapping kidnap
outcome resulted
customize personalize
kidnap kidnapping
monitored supervised
monitoring supervised
monitor supervised
realist realistic
expeditiously speedily
paedophiles pedophiles
councillors councilors
moderate moderated
indigenous aboriginal
tattoo tattooing
competitions contests
damn damned
settled resolving
settled resolved
frailty fragility
alternatively alternately
revenue income
reasonable sensible
insurrection rebellion
compulsion coercion
reparation reparations
acknowledgement recognised
welcome welcomes
deleting eliminating
auditing audits
auditing audit
consolidating consolidate
interacting communicating
hussain hussein
welding weld
solves settles
modify modifying
communicate informed
communicated informed
viewpoints perspectives
collision collided
advertisement advert
disappeared vanished
neighborly neighbourly
identifiable recognizable
encouraging encourage
expedited accelerated
irretrievably irrevocably
texts text
center centre
centering centre
deterred discouraged
recently lately
imitations impersonations
adequately sufficiently
emasculated castrated
reduction declined
annexe annex
hypothesized postulated
antarctica antarctic
discontent displeasure
writing write
mistreatment maltreatment
piers pier
consciously conscientiously
faked false
wages salaries
comprehending understanding
faulty defective
regained restored
immensely tremendously
underlines underscores
programme programs
programme program
retrieving recovering
contributing contribute
dried drier
prosper flourish
classmate schoolmate
evacuations evictions
terrorizing terrorising
guard guarding
reappeared resurfaced
informed communicate
informed communicated
simulate simulating
transmit transmitting
discouraged deterred
shearing shear
terrorise terrorize
critical vital
gravestones headstones
resuming restarting
express expresses
tirelessly relentlessly
withdrawals withdraws
unearthed uncovered
displays display
cubans cuban
reduction lowered
treachery betrayal
reliability dependability
impediment hindrance
atheistic atheist
analysis analyzing
analysis analyzed
ordered decreed
prohibits forbidding
prohibiting forbidding
appoint appointing
truthfulness veracity
totally wholly
underscores underlines
recovering reclaiming
used usage
landowners landlords
bookstore bookshop
influences impacts
influences impact
reduce reduces
later subsequent
boundaries bounds
inviolate inviolable
decorated adorned
brochure booklet
astronauts cosmonauts
overthrown toppled
broadening expanding
perspectives viewpoints
fisheries fishery
resurfaced reappeared
organization organisation
organization organisations
organizations organisation
organizations organisations
safeguards protecting
safeguarding protecting
smarter intelligent
smart intelligent
mentioned cited
workable feasible
kiss kissing
suppressed oppressed
unsuitable inappropriate
resettled relocated
resettled relocate
rise raised
risen raised
accomodation accommodation
interruption disruption
misleading mislead
bulgarians bulgarian
african africans
scattered dispersed
grandmas grandmothers
welcome welcoming
substituting substitutes
imitate mimic
list lists
detained incarcerated
restrictions constraints
interfered intervened
interfered intervene
congratulating congratulate
notable noticeable
brokering broker
execute executing
recognising recognise
finally ultimately
caring care
mistreatment abused
decreased decrease
decreased decreases
strengthening enhancing
afraid scared
suspending suspend
croat croatian
rename renaming
display displays
eliminating deleting
ships vessel
hindered hampered
barriers obstacles
humanistic humanist
areas zones
disputed conflicted
poisoning poisons
legible readable
calculations computations
calculation computations
raised rise
raised risen
tiredness weariness
detecting detect
quotations quotes
dissent dissenting
unauthorized unauthorised
horrifying horrible
consistently constantly
implementation executions
create creating
intentioned intended
humanity humankind
perplexing puzzling
tatars tartars
configuration configurations
armour armoured
pleasurable enjoyable
intervened interfered
staining stain
heartening encouraging
mainly essentially
tiredness fatigue
hazardous dangerous
restricted constrained
homes houses
wilfully intentionally
disappeared vanished
rented rent
causes arouses
insignificant negligible
priceless invaluable
stepdad stepfather
candidates candidate
create creating
organisation organization
organisations organization
organisation organizations
organisations organizations
rise increase
relinquished renounced
foolishness stupidity
recommendations recommendation
forgery counterfeiting
overpopulated overcrowded
settles solves
regained restored
contests competitions
constraints restrictions
bulgarian bulgarians
renounced relinquished
mohammed mohamed
threats menaces
flavour flavor
revived resuscitated
neuroleptics antipsychotics
contaminating polluting
poll polling
instantaneous instant
worrying troubling
assumptions suppositions
bikes bicycles
declined reduction
selected chosen
discount discounted
speedily swiftly
reclaiming recapturing
mathematics maths
significantly markedly
enabling enable
governments government
enable enables
segregated isolated
ludicrous absurd
sadly regrettably
unearthed uncovered
chechnya chechen
polluting contaminating
worsening deteriorating
fall falls
text texts
maneuver manoeuvre
irrevocably irretrievably
cost costs
contribute contributing
deadlock stalemate
mentoring mentor
abstaining abstain
collaboration cooperation
stairways stairwells
coordinate coordinated
continuing continue
deteriorating worsening
overtly openly
admissible permissible
impairing hampering
recommend recommending
minimal minimum
laminate laminated
varied differ
varied differed
varied differs
prescribe prescribing
leaflet pamphlet
viewpoint perspective
undermined disrupted
attend attending
nearby neighboring
bern berne
eliminated abolished
child children
exile exiled
overthrew toppled
respiration breathing
continuous continual
harmonize harmonizing
amazing astonishing
dispersed scattered
resurfaced reappeared
resolutely firmly
communicated informed
immense tremendous
betrayal treachery
armor armour
rise raised
rose raised
rising raised
abdullah abdallah
rationale justification
hampered hindered
organization organisation
unwavering unfailing
surfacing surfaces
elitist elite
increasing rise
increase rise
increased rise
fought battled
justifiable justified
stances positions
headlights headlamps
rubles roubles
passages passageways
immensely hugely
happiest pleased
happy pleased
incontrovertible undeniable
discontinued terminated
affirmations confirmations
interviewing interview
primacy supremacy
humanity humankind
sequence sequencing
explosions detonations
liability responsibility
protect protects
regardless irrespective
terrifying horrifying
consignments shipments
rebellion insurgency
fuck fucking
predominantly mostly
informed communicated
flourish prosper
prohibition bans
pledged commitment
generating generate
clauses clause
abused abuse
creating create
inept incompetent
safeguard safeguards
unstable volatile
palestine palestinian
pray praying
regretfully regrettably
impede obstructs
impedes obstructs
impeded obstructs
impedes obstructing
impedes obstructed
heliport helipad
promote promoting
cleric clergyman
cleric clergymen
activate activating
evictions evacuations
aesthetic esthetic
untiring tireless
cases instances
finalize finalizing
paralyzed immobilized
repaid reimbursed
blond blonde
raised rise
raised rose
raised rising
computations calculations
disasters catastrophes
computations calculation
disenchantment disillusion
addressing address
nesting nest
decrease declines
decreases declines
monster monsters
battled fought
graduate graduated
intervened interfered
intervene interfered
lubricating lubrication
consistently continually
rationalise streamline
accepted accept
biotech biotechnology
destroys demolish
undermines jeopardizes
destroys demolishing
destroys demolishes
adorned decorated
monitoring surveillance
neighbourhood neighborhood
compare comparison
blended blend
rented rent
executions implementation
recycle recycled
reviewed review
disrupted undermined
hampering impairing
misused abusing
misusing abusing
honesty sincerity
introduce introducing
ranching ranch
terrible dreadful
swiftly expeditiously
disenchanted disappointed
stems stem
eavesdropping wiretapping
staircases stairways
rainfall precipitation
forbidding prohibits
forbidding prohibiting
relentlessly tirelessly
horrendous horrible
recapturing reclaiming
gravely seriously
undermined impaired
detained apprehended
mapping map
deceived misled
supervised monitored
supervised monitoring
supervised monitor
honor honour
toppled overthrown
thanks gratitude
landlords landowners
placate appease
declines decrease
declines decreases
structure structures
unloaded offloaded
manufacturing manufactures
manufacturing manufacture
descendents descendants
safeguarding safeguard
ashamed embarrassed
barbarous barbaric
vanished disappeared
lenses lens
enhance enhancing
bin ibn
terrorising terrorizing
accommodations lodgings
industrious hardworking
eastern east
rigorously strictly
residents resident
restarting resuming
immobilized paralyzed
northwestern northwest
bleach bleaching
anaesthetic anaesthesia
fucking fuck
fish fishes
concentrated focused
shelling bombardment
heartfelt sincere
sunshine sunlight
recover retrieve
vessel ship
acknowledgement recognized
ensures ensure
humankind humanity
adapter adaptor
thrive flourish
males male
squabbling wrangling
interacting interact
framework frames
duly appropriately
unauthorised unauthorized
cited mentioned
obviously evidently
sampling sample
explosions explodes
reimbursed repaid
efficacy effectiveness
ban banning
items item
prevent impeding
isolating insulating
misled deceived
erroneous incorrect
detail details
arresting arrest
alerts alert
aeroplanes airplanes
varied differed
unbalanced imbalanced
undermined disrupted
renaming rename
interrupted interrupt
reciprocal mutual
cases instances
eliminated abolished
muslims muslim
embezzlement misappropriation
paralyzing paralysing
flourishes prospers
calculated computed
dangerous hazardous
rescheduling reschedule
loyally faithfully
divulged disclosed
ultimately finally
government governments
nest nesting
improvements refinements
armour armor
obstructs impede
obstructs impedes
obstructs impeded
obstructing impedes
obstructed impedes
recognised recognized
justifications rationale
analysing analysis
analyses analysis
witchcraft sorcery
key crucial
differ varied
differed varied
differs varied
emphasizing stressing
disquieting disconcerting
shearing shear
dispatch dispatching
write writing
defining define
apprehended detained
thrives flourishes
dangerous hazardous
frightened terrified
wonderful marvelous
libraries library
donut doughnut
enlarged expanded
striving strive
adjust adjusting
measuring measures
measuring measure
redirect redirecting
features characteristic
apparent evident
clearly obviously
roubles rubles
programs programme
program programme
symphonic symphony
exploring explore
quickly quick
vessel ships
regrettably sadly
exiled exile
consolidated solidified
impersonations imitations
briefed informed
stairwells stairways
simplifying simplify
shortly soon
visibly conspicuously
focused concentrated
fights combating
fighting combating
fights combats
fighting combats
concentrate focus
stairways staircases
incorporate incorporating
cancels rescind
integrating integrate
haj hajj
mathematical mathematics
deteriorated deteriorating
bicycles bikes
prospers flourishes
oppressed suppressed
safely securely
horrible horrendous
hypnotized hypnotised
opportunity opportunities
disrupted undermined
impaired undermined
objets objects
futile fruitless
rationale justifications
superiority supremacy
expanded enlarged
photographed photo
photograph photo
hardest harshest
subsided receded
determines determine
oriented orientated
deferment postponement
hemorrhage haemorrhage
calming calm
undermined impair
disruption disturbance
unknowingly unwittingly
analogous similar
subconsciously unconsciously
detained apprehended
headlamps headlights
strange weird
relevancy relevance
incarcerated detained
revitalize revitalized
toppled overthrew
km kilometre
houses homes
anticipation expectation
appalling terrible
changed altered
vanished disappeared
item items
halting stopping
discernible noticeable
reiterated reiterate
transforming transform
holy sacred
mindset mentality
culpability guilt
fantastic wonderful
billions million
billion million
billion millions
defensible justifiable
flourishes thrives
councillors councilors
ardent fervent
greatly considerably
everybody everyone
ensuring guaranteeing
outcomes result
outcome results
outcomes results
outcome result
saudis saudi
radically dramatically
marihuana marijuana
structures structure
singing sing
misuse abuse
everyone everybody
unchanging immutable
protect protected
muslim muslims
sometimes occasionally
increasing raising
increased raising
increase raising
noticeably considerably
compilation compiled
glad pleased
incapable unable
widen expanded
widen expand
receded subsided
evident apparent
plow plough
participation involvement
viewpoints perspectives
ban prohibits
ban prohibiting
ban prohibit
researchers scholars
investigated analyzed
arduous laborious
widens expands
considerably markedly
behaviors behaviours
unspeakable indescribable
invalidated annulled
dissolution disintegration
feasible workable
focused concentrated
focus concentrated
focussed concentrated
restricted circumscribed
unblock unlock
wheezing wheezes
reclaiming recovering
commemoration remembrance
reduction decrease
marvellous marvelous
uterine uterus
differed varied
intimately closely
negotiated negotiate
underlines underscores
offences crimes
compiled compilation
cosmonauts astronauts
burial funeral
boogeyman bogeyman
sharing share
chimps chimpanzees
longing yearning
succinct concise
embarrassed ashamed
apprehended detained
jeopardizes undermines
constituents components
sergey sergei
tranquillizers tranquilizers
strangely oddly
verbally orally
responses replies
impeding hampering
update updating
totally utterly
examined scrutinized
understanding understand
movies films
supervision oversight
jewelry jewellery
fuck fucking
organization organisations
organizations organisation
organizations organisations
organization organisation
consolidated solidified
abstaining abstain
estrangement alienation
disappeared faded
tonnes tons
analyzed investigated
embarrassingly shamefully
combating fights
combating fighting
combats fights
combats fighting
supremacy superiority
battle fought
battled fought
prisons penitentiaries
stabilised stabilized
comparison compare
constrained restricted
underscores underlines
concurrent simultaneous
landowners landlords
packages packet
elite elitist
refused rejected
oppressed suppressed
isolates isolate
surprisingly astonishingly
sunlight sunshine
unplanned unanticipated
shamefully embarrassingly
notable remarkable
impair undermined
precisely exactly
hampering impeding
broadening widening
covertly secretly
mahmud mahmoud
impotence powerlessness
mediators intermediaries
analyzing analysis
analyzed analysis
evaluations assessments
subsided receded
amalgamated merged
unsolved unresolved
incorporate incorporated
collecting collection
incarcerated detained
unlock unblock
stockpile stockpiled
wonderfully marvellously
intermediaries mediators
readiness preparedness
phone telephone
phones telephones
phone telephones
phones telephone
scholars researchers
bans prohibiting
bans prohibits
conformity compliance
expanded widened
hajj haj
empowering empower
irrespective regardless
enhancing enhance
robberies burglaries
meddling interference
grave serious
gravest serious
headstone gravestone
stabilized stabilised
shear shearing
administer administering
replies responses
warranted justified
costs cost
commendable praiseworthy
improvements improvement
organize organizing
paralysing paralyzing
aligning align
map mapping
stealing steal
systematic systemic
determine determines
insulate isolate
outraged indignant
faded disappeared
offloaded unloaded
rejected refused
correction rectification
appropriately suitably
rigorous stringent
marvellously wonderfully
inadvertent accidental
classifying classify
deferral postponement
design designing
receded subsided
retarded retard
proved proven
organizing organize
anchoring anchor
shaving shave
dedication commitment
revitalized revitalize
aiding help
aid helping
aiding helping
abstain abstaining
withdraws withdrawals
regularly routinely
helpline hotline
pamphlet leaflet
consequently hence
adversary opponent
fuck fucking
underlines underscore
underline underscore
focus concentrated
spending expenditures
focussed concentrated
spent expenditures
focusing concentrated
focused concentrated
pacts agreements
profitable lucrative
stain staining
evidently clearly
delighted pleased
barbaric barbarous
honorable honourable
stinking stink
reevaluate reassess
featured characteristics
harmonizing harmonize
implicit implied
generally normally
sewer sewage
significantly greatly
aunties aunts
generates generate
sanctioning sanction
resuscitated revived
bikes bicycles
coaching coach
washroom bathroom
vary differ
intrinsic inherent
motherland homeland
prohibit prohibiting
instances cases
clone clones
changed altered
change altered
changes altered
sentence sentencing
embedding embed
viewing view
unsubstantiated unjustified
neighboring nearby
commitments commitment
flavor flavour
tough difficult
northwest northwestern
administering administer
disappeared faded
audacity boldness
horrible dreadful
eternal everlasting
liquids liquid
procreation reproduction
selecting select
practically virtually
objects objets
share sharing
counseling counselling
durable sustainable
unfailing unwavering
terrified frightened
refute disprove
inordinately extraordinarily
refused rejected
refused rejects
memorable unforgettable
classifying classification
resolves settles
accepting accept
rigors rigours
inexplicable incomprehensible
irreproachable impeccable
preventative preventive
illnesses diseases
reluctant unwilling
eradication elimination
ornamentation decoration
informing inform
amalgamated merged
zones areas
imprisonment incarcerated
duly adequately
assessments evaluations
unquestionably certainly
repugnant abhorrent
commitment commitments
catastrophes disasters
reassert reaffirms
reassert reaffirm
reassert reaffirmed
bogeyman boogeyman
hardness harshness
ensure ensured
headlights headlamps
plentiful abundant
improvement improvements
refinements improvements
mostly predominantly
explosions detonations
retrieve recover
expand widened
expanded widened
ageing aging
fragility frailty
unconsciously subconsciously
serpent snake
orientated oriented
rent rents
consequently thus
insulating isolating
familiarized acquainted
solved settled
inconclusive indecisive
destroyed obliterated
protect protecting
threats dangers
threats danger
informer informant
generally typically
steal stealing
selects select
instances cases
sorrow grief
burglary robbery
revoked rescinded
wheezes wheezing
abolished eliminated
faded disappeared
rejected refused
rejects refused
burglaries robberies
indecisive inconclusive
maximize maximizing
puzzling perplexing
toilets bathrooms
bargained negotiated
supervision oversight
symphony symphonic
ornamental decorative
saudi saudis
foolishness folly
cooperation cooperate
afterward thereafter
definitely absolutely
unintelligible incomprehensible
insurgency rebellion
secretly covertly
important significant
photo photographed
photo photograph
corroborating confirming
monitors monitoring
monitor monitoring
raising increasing
raising increased
raising increase
counselling counseling
sadness sorrow
usage used
inventive imaginative
vaccine vaccines
limitless unlimited
prominent eminent
disquieting alarming
adopt adopts
banned prohibiting
banned prohibited
pillage plunder
extending extend
uncommon unusual
community communities
streamlined rationalization
absurd preposterous
gay homosexual
prohibiting bans
prohibits bans
square squares
articulate articulated
answering answers
answering answer
detonations explosions
alleyway alley
achieving achieve
countries country
beneath underneath
violations infractions
undisciplined unruly
depletion exhaustion
return reverts
returns reverts
outcome results
outcomes results
deeply profoundly
harshness hardness
beneficial advantageous
record recording
pause paused
depicts portrays
rafiq rafik
volatile unstable
negotiated bargained
airfield aerodrome
declared stated
select choose
feasible doable
consolidated consolidate
isolate isolates
suppositions assumptions
enable enabling
settles resolves
vaccines vaccine
partner partners
bombardments bombings
sensitivities sensibilities
annulled invalidated
immoral amoral
exactly precisely
reaffirm affirm
original originals
immutable unchangeable
unmatched unrivaled
emphasise highlight
emphasise highlights
violations transgressions
pleased delighted
characteristic features
electric electrified
savannas savannahs
streamlined rationalized
evaluations assessments
evaluation assessment
evaluation assessments
evaluations assessment
gravestone headstone
stance position
gratitude thanks
incalculable immeasurable
import imported
prolongs lengthens
fought battle
fought battled
distress distressed
solidified consolidated
recruiting recruitment
impacted influenced
impact influenced
dangers threats
danger threats
bearable tolerable
additionally furthermore
trustworthy reliable
colonise colonize
photography photograph
updated update
updated updates
djinn jinni
booklet brochure
challenging difficult
accelerated expedited
simplifies streamlined
simplified streamlined
viewpoint standpoint
mistreated maltreated
organizing arranged
organized arranged
advisor consultant
privileged privilege
investigate examined
investigate examine
foreseeable predictable
impedes constrains
filter filtered
grief sorrow
odour smells
odour smell
illegitimate illegal
unfounded baseless
carved engraved
stifling suffocating
recommendation recommendations
facilitates facilitate
emergencies contingencies
cancelled invalidated
canceled invalidated
income revenue
rigours rigors
extraordinarily unusually
shortage scarcity
incorporating incorporate
portrays depicts
acquainted familiarized
fervent ardent
intelligent smarter
intelligent smart
network networking
arranged organizing
arranged organized
possibly potentially
obligations obligation
eliminates removes
reaffirm reiterate
generate generates
response reactions
responses reactions
treating treat
slander defamation
solving settled
solved settled
battle struggle
skate skating
caused aroused
accurate precise
disgrace shame
delete deleted
awful terrible
revoked rescinded
abolished eliminated
difference differences
descent ancestry
globalization globalized
underrate underestimate
companies corporations
afghani afghan
corporations companies
settled solved
bicycles bikes
outcomes outcome
enters penetrates
obvious evident
kilometre km
tunnel tunneling
completely utterly
swiftly promptly
sequencing sequence
molt moult
dreadful awful
subservient subordinate
approx approximately
bombings bombardments
manoeuvre maneuver
sewage sewerage
gladly willingly
arranging organizing
arranging organized
personalize customize
enchanting charming
preparedness readiness
limitations restrictions
medicines medications
monitored supervised
tunnel tunneling
canceled cancelled
court tribunal
wholeheartedly heartily
regrettable deplorable
pointless useless
headlamps headlights
alternative alternate
organizing arranging
organized arranging
helpless defenceless
prevented deterred
adaptor adapter
containing contain
appraisal assessment
satisfying satisfactory
derived derivatives
checked verified
check verified
recommend recommends
northwestern northwest
patronizing patronising
regularly periodically
ibn bin
squares square
upcoming forthcoming
sulfur sulphur
mentor mentoring
influenced impacted
influenced impact
fluid liquid
alert alerts
battles struggles
reassess reevaluate
sister sisters
irretrievably irreparably
measurable quantifiable
starvation famine
meantime meanwhile
hypnotised hypnotized
credits credit
indisputable irrefutable
imaginable conceivable
demolish destroys
demolishing destroys
demolishes destroys
sulfate sulphate
kilometers km
kilometers kms
design designed
misleading deceptive
enquiries inquiries
discontinue suspend
decreased diminished
decrease diminished
constrains impedes
adapter adaptor
pretenses pretences
depletion depleted
commitments engagements
close closing
useless pointless
betting bets
evacuated evicted
senseless meaningless
imaginative inventive
deficient insufficient
conflicting contradictory
revolt uprising
illnesses sicknesses
sufficiently adequately
solidified consolidated
view viewing
prohibiting banned
prohibited banned
measures measuring
measure measuring
credentials certificates
interfering intervening
manoeuvre manoeuvring
streamlined simplifies
streamlined simplified
concentrated focused
concentrated focus
concentrated focussed
philanthropic charitable
booming flourishing
indignant outraged
align aligning
disquieting unsettling
ensuring ensure
damaged harmed
impeded obstructed
mistreated maltreated
undermined hindered
impact influenced
impacted influenced
km kilometers
kms kilometers
sheikh sheik
anchor anchoring
unreal unrealistic
prophylactic preventive
revise revised
oversight supervision
refunded reimbursed
loaded load
unmatched unparalleled
significant important
shifting shift
cancelled invalidated
canceled invalidated
female females
rescinded revoked
humankind mankind
contemporary modern
lengthens prolongs
bleaching bleach
increased increase
increased increases
mentality mindset
tribunal court
craftsman artisan
undermined jeopardized
destroyed demolished
inquiries enquiries
lawful legitimate
detect detecting
centre center
centre centering
outlines outlined
disconcerting disquieting
medications medicines
allow enable
caused aroused
descendants descendents
corroborate confirm
chatting chat
proletariat proletarian
keypad keyboard
disappearing vanishing
deteriorating deteriorated
mandates mandate
liaising liaise
avoided averted
antenna antennae
imaginations imaginings
reduction declining
dream dreaming
commandant commander
rescind cancels
worrisome disturbing
organizing organise
organized organised
organized organise
organizing organised
organize organised
organize organise
maize corn
amend amended
wears wearing
kill kills
prison penitentiaries
backward backwards
prisons penitentiaries
willingly voluntarily
settled solving
settled solved
horrendous terrible
movies films
designed design
sisters sister
migrate migrating
light lighting
reiterate reaffirm
coordinated coordinate
coordinated coordinates
expanded enlarged
lawmaker legislator
pamphlet booklet
humanist humanistic
influenced impact
influenced impacted
disputed contentious
envisioned envisaged
balancing balance
alarming worrying
diseases illnesses
suffocating stifling
precise specific
child children
markedly dramatically
firstly first
mediators intermediaries
thank thanks
heartily sincerely
incontestable unquestionable
pretences pretenses
accept accepting
details detail
rigorous stricter
rigorous strict
maximizing maximize
widespread pervasive
identify identifying
refused rebuffed
rise surged
risen surged
children child
intermediaries mediators
necessary needed
suspend suspending
customized customize
prohibits ban
prohibiting ban
prohibit ban
decreased receded
dispelled dissipated
evaluation appraisals
evaluations appraisals
renting rent
exchanged interchange
finally eventually
unrivaled unsurpassed
skeptics sceptics
helipad heliport
terrible appalling
patronising patronizing
learned learn
element component
precise accurate
blend blended
hindered undermined
configure configured
shear shearing
slaughtering slaughter
dissatisfied disaffected
propose proposed
flourished prospered
overthrowing toppling
decreed ordered
personalize customize
dissuade deter
modestly moderately
packet packages
stop halt
legally lawfully
lao laotian
color colors
toxic poisonous
uploading upload
unbroken uninterrupted
amended amend
sorcery witchcraft
dramatically radically
accumulated accrued
regained recaptured
highlighted emphasised
schedule scheduling
remove removing
rising raising
obstructed impeded
renewed renew
clones clone
postpone defer
statistical statistics
closing close
rationalized streamlined
toasted roasted
funeral burial
resistant resilient
contracting contract
contracting contracts
defined define
nullified annulled
tons tonnes
playwright dramatist
essentially fundamentally
unfit unsuitable
supremacy primacy
expeditious speedy
harshest hardest
concentrated focus
concentrated focussed
concentrated focusing
concentrated focused
mucus mucous
displeased dissatisfied
thrived flourished
fall declined
fell declined
fell declines
fall declines
disaffected dissatisfied
ubiquitous omnipresent
damaged harmed
palsy paralysis
undermined hinder
undermined hindered
differences difference
refunds repayments
expenditures spends
expenditures spending
colonize colonise
define defining
dissipated dispelled
proposed propose
support supports
breakup disintegration
bathrooms washrooms
adjusting adjust
stupidity foolishness
croats croatian
croat croatians
croats croatians
croat croatian
untiring tireless
refuses refusals
bin ibn
rationalization streamlined
fatherland homeland
hindering hampering
megawatts mw
campfire bonfire
providers suppliers
liability responsibility
refrigerated chilled
raising rising
stupid foolish
violations infractions
reusing reuse
extremely exceedingly
liberate liberated
rescinded revoked
cancelled rescinded
canceled rescinded
tiniest teeniest
relinquish renounce
disappointed disenchanted
prospered flourished
headquarter headquarters
cilantro coriander
mandate mandates
destroyed demolished
undermined jeopardized
promoting promote
intervening interfering
odious heinous
step steps
diagnose diagnosing
sorely desperately
prohibit forbid
amusement entertainment
maltreated mistreated
lucky fortunate
chechnya chechen
alerting alert
unfairness injustice
mislead misleading
canadian canadians
pictures photograph
pictures photographs
thrive prosper
renting rent
elimination eradication
avoided averted
streamlining rationalized
streamlined rationalized
scans scanning
scan scanning
sporadically intermittently
shoe footwear
detonate explode
various different
procedures procedure
justification rationale
conscientiously consciously
relinquishing renouncing
cogent compelling
thanked gratitude
thanks gratitude
counsellor advisor
irreparably irretrievably
rationalized streamlining
rationalized streamlined
scanning scans
scanning scan
reasons purposes
tolling toll
therefore consequently
certificates credentials
renouncing relinquishing
integrate integrating
reactions response
reactions responses
entries entrances
develops develop
livable habitable
sows sow
pioneering groundbreaking
unresolved unsolved
publishing publication
publishing publications
diagnoses diagnostics
everyday daily
sulphur sulfur
defective faulty
delay delayed
annulled nullified
declining reduction
diminished reduced
seeks strives
ensure ensuring
activities activity
archive archived
inhabited populated
characteristics features
flourished thrived
categorize classify
arouses causes
safeguard safeguarding
assertions affirmations
deter dissuade
engraved carved
prevented impeded
subterranean underground
purposes reasons
invaluable inestimable
engagements commitments
banning ban
recognise recognising
million billions
million billion
millions billion
refused rebuffed
subsequently thereafter
uneven unequal
conspicuously visibly
unintended unanticipated
delete eliminate
delete eliminating
spending spend
deliberately purposely
sing singing
resting rest
preordained predetermined
notwithstanding despite
hassan hasan
levels tiers
end ends
purportedly supposedly
crucially critically
differ vary
apparently evidently
sami saami
evicted evacuated
impeding prevent
varying differing
derivatives derived
accrued accumulated
entire whole
informed briefed
distrustful mistrustful
hinder undermined
hindered undermined
adaptor adapter
kills kill
resemblance similarity
eliminating abolishing
formulation formulated
widened expanded
expeditiously rapidly
cursed accursed
ok okay
maimed mutilated
customize personalize
amalgamated merged
regained recaptured
rent rented
sulfate sulphate
monitored supervised
monitor supervised
monitoring supervised
options alternatives
harmed damaged
behaviours behaviors
particularly especially
mucous mucus
tolerable acceptable
hampering hindering
continuing continue
program programme
programs programme
programmes programme
unexplained inexplicable
meticulously conscientiously
nullified annulled
chromium chrome
defining define
closings closures
closings closure
undisputed indisputable
slovak slovakian
slovaks slovakian
jeopardized undermined
topographical topographic
servicing service
violate contravene
rinse rinsing
unsettled unresolved
justly justifiably
tolerates condones
expeditiously swiftly
noticeably markedly
comment comments
infertile sterile
government governments
review reviewed
infinite endless
unanticipated unplanned
partners partner
closing closure
views perspectives
flogging caning
detonations explosions
furthermore additionally
charging charges
charging charge
pamphlet booklet
supper dinner
procedure procedures
salaries wages
efficiency efficacy
dramatically significantly
okay ok
counselor counsellor
examined inspected
artisan craftsman
unprecedented unparalleled
aunts aunties
cancelled rescinded
cancel rescinded
canceled rescinded
mistakes errors
removing remove
treason treachery
vapors vapours
fighting battling
advisor counsellor
sicknesses illnesses
migrating migrate
suspended suspend
cheering cheers
unrivalled unrivaled
maltreated mistreated
convicted indicted
gratifying pleasing
disintegration dissolution
poisons poisoning
moult molt
indefatigable tireless
funding financing
incorrect erroneous
torture torturing
doughnut donut
plunder looting
intentionally purposely
struggles battles
unsurpassed unparalleled
embed embedding
outweighed outstripped
discovered detected
broker brokering
undermining impair
undermining impairing
closes closures
refusals refuses
deceiving misleading
basement cellar
inexplicable unexplained
mad crazy
ban prohibited
banning prohibited
banned prohibited
toppling overthrowing
expressions expression
insignificant unimportant
fall decreases
falls decreases
unsurpassed unrivaled
entertaining amusing
infringement violation
recaptured regained
vanishing disappearing
bond bonding
acknowledged recognized
reassuring comforting
talking conversations
develops develop
corporations companies
corporation companies
battling fighting
annulled nullified
coherence consistency
splendid excellent
mongolian mongol
neighbourly neighborly
resolutions resolves
strive striving
inhibits hinder
inhibits hinders
impulse impetus
reloading reload
undoubted unquestionable
suppliers providers
math mathematics
steadily consistently
scrutinized examined
reiterate reiterated
prevented impeded
prevented impede
particles particulates
sceptics skeptics
coherent consistent
unjustifiable inexcusable
sensibilities sensitivities
hugely immensely
chairperson chairwoman
breathes breathe
coherent cohesive
artefact artifact
horrendous heinous
maltreated mistreated
outcome outcomes
grandma grandmother
honorably honourably
maneuvering manoeuvring
intermittently sporadically
response reaction
erroneous wrong
amiable amicable
characteristic typical
faced confronted
face confronted
misleading deceiving
automated automatic
televisions tvs
infected infect
permit permits
select choose
conceivable imaginable
renewed renovated
altered changed
altered change
altered changes
depleted depletion
soon shortly
surely definitely
groundbreaking pioneering
invalidated cancelled
invalidated canceled
wholly entirely
forcibly forcefully
shortfall shortage
widened expand
widened expanded
moulding molding
councilors councillors
dependable reliable
alley alleyway
tv televisions
tvs television
tv television
tvs televisions
decreases shrinks
decreases shrink
stupid silly
intermediaries middlemen
peking beijing
essentially mainly
rent rented
exhaustion depletion
interfere intervene
harmed damaged
accessing access
thus thereby
northeast northeastern
examined investigate
examine investigate
deducted subtracted
checked inspected
defamation libel
companies corporations
companies corporation
contingencies emergencies
horrific terrible
unacceptable intolerable
instructions directions
browsing browse
banning prohibition
differing varying
unparalleled unprecedented
railways railroads
lit lighted
populous populated
biotechnology biotech
unintentional accidental
formulated formulation
circulate distribute
circulate distributing
permissible admissible
petrol gasoline
jeopardized undermined
capacity capabilities
exploded detonated
crucial important
action actions
molding moulding
rapidly speedily
specifically expressly
detected discovered
medicines medications
hence consequently
verify checked
verify check
propose proposing
declares declare
caning flogging
manifestation demonstration
mistrustful distrustful
greatly substantially
subtracted deducted
tvs televisions
diagnosing diagnose
nude naked
exhilarating exciting
devaluation depreciation
engravings etchings
disasters catastrophes
incredible unbelievable
recognising recognizing
treat treating
penitentiaries prisons
consolidating solidifying
wonderful terrific
infected contaminated
diminished decreased
diminished decrease
examined inspected
particularly notably
harm damage
appreciation gratitude
atheist atheistic
abdallah abdullah
rebuilding rebuild
indicated indicate
resolved settled
hinder inhibits
hinders inhibits
verified checked
verified check
unforeseen unexpected
convicted indicted
railroads railways
invalidated nullified
strictly rigorously
flyers fliers
coordinate coordinating
coordinates coordinating
impair undermining
impairing undermining
countrymen compatriots
laotian lao
counselor counsellor
classify classifying
sulphate sulfate
derivative derivatives
comments comment
promptly immediately
worrying alarming
startling staggering
profit profits
effectiveness efficacy
best bestest
hesitant reluctant
men mens
modified amend
modified amended
intimidate intimidating
adjournment postponement
defaulted default
astonishing startling
youths youth
result outcomes
results outcome
results outcomes
perfume fragrance
result outcome
resetting reset
recaptured regained
unforgettable memorable
forthcoming upcoming
continuous continued
transfer transfers
opportunities opportunity
splendidly beautifully
exacting demanding
middleman intermediary
humiliating degrading
complicated convoluted
prohibit forbid
prohibiting forbid
prohibits forbid
directions instructions
convinced persuaded
continue continuing
disappear vanish
report reporting
reports reporting
keypad keyboard
responsible accountable
humankind mankind
resilient resistant
enjoyable pleasant
frames framework
sensibly wisely
guarantees warranties
certified accredited
snapshots snaps
constant continual
objective aim
etchings engravings
wisely sensibly
recognizing recognising
locking lock
ended discontinued
coriander cilantro
indicator indicators
strengthening enhancing
brazenly shamelessly
permits permit
cook cooking
learn learned
undoubtedly definitely
conversations talking
circumscribed restricted
renewed renovated
somebody anybody
ensuring ensure
cultivating cultivate
medications medicines
invalidated cancelled
invalidated canceled
employees personnel
declare declares
cracking crack
worthless useless
meaningless senseless
mutilated maimed
closings closures
bookstores bookshops
compatriots countrymen
muhammad mohammad
transfers transfer
inefficient ineffectual
startling surprising
jewellery jewelry
japanese japan
rewrite rewriting
condones tolerates
devilish diabolical
transplants transplantation
transplant transplantation
prohibited ban
prohibited banning
prohibited banned
allegedly purportedly
surged rise
surged risen
homeland motherland
categorically emphatically
mobilize mobilizing
transform transforming
rejected repudiated
recognized acknowledged
calamity disaster
retrospective retroactive
brake braking
return reverted
returned reverted
results findings
prohibited proscribed
select selects
excessively exceedingly
block blocking
depicted portrayed
doggedly obstinately
renew renewing
coherence consistency
thriving prosperous
amicable amiable
highlighted emphasized
chechen chechnya
famine starvation
outcomes outcome
exploded detonated
explode detonated
symphonic symphony
dressed attired
maim mutilate
refuted disproved
signaling signalling
unsettling disquieting
hid disguised
hidden disguised
settled resolved
touch touching
choose select
strives seeks
homes households
especially particularly
haemorrhage hemorrhage
heinous horrendous
robbery burglary
refrigerators fridges
fell declined
fall declined
fallen declined
viability feasibility
honestly frankly
weary tired
deterred prevented
dramatist playwright
injuries injures
flourish thrive
bets betting
undercut undermine
rebellion insurrection
roadways roads
brochure pamphlet
policing police
inexcusable unpardonable
freeways motorways
monitoring monitors
monitoring monitor
specifically particularly
choose select
ferocious fierce
risks hazards
risk hazards
prolonged lengthened
discourage deter
obliterated destroyed
photo pictures
abuse misuse
hinders obstructs
hindering obstructed
hindering obstructs
hinders obstructing
hinders obstructed
hinder obstructs
retroactive retrospective
aboriginals aborigines
refusing rejecting
accurate correct
invalidated nullified
coordinating coordinate
coordinating coordinates
entrances entries
incarcerated imprisonment
simplified streamlined
cancellation annulment
contaminated infected
exposition exhibition
strengthened strengthen
emphasised highlighted
affirmations assertions
closures closings
closure closings
reanimation resuscitation
looted plundered
retard retarded
fridges refrigerators
dykes dikes
rapidly swiftly
racing race
logistical logistics
pictures photo
stricter rigorous
strict rigorous
manufactured manufacture
coordinate coordinating
deadly fatal
remainder rest
unsupervised unattended
annual yearly
definitely surely
inaccurate imprecise
portrayed depicted
values value
stink stinking
choose select
liquid fluid
motorways freeways
transgressions violations
filling fill
resolves resolutions
ensure ensures
critique criticised
expanding widening
declined fall
declined fell
declines fell
declines fall
inspected examined
eliminate eliminates
abominable abhorrent
unlawful illegal
fake counterfeit
trendy fashionable
actions action
disinfecting disinfection
adapter adaptor
unaccountable irresponsible
amend modified
amended modified
sow sows
abandoned discontinued
submitting submit
liberate liberating
unwittingly unknowingly
notice notices
declines decreased
children child
specifications specs
accredited certified
tremendous immense
powerlessness impotence
providers suppliers
party parties
repellent repulsive
persuaded convinced
cheating cheat
supposing presuming
commensurate proportionate
obligated obliged
backups backup
rejecting refusing
alternatives options
entered penetrated
hardworking industrious
closures closings
switching switches
switching switch
fisheries fishery
treachery treason
uprising revolt
unbelievable incredible
booklet pamphlet
appointing appoint
coordination coordinating
organizing organising
certified accredited
develop develops
undoubtedly doubtless
endless interminable
sheik sheikh
bloodied bloodstained
readable legible
results outcomes
resulting outcomes
assessing assessment
masculine male
superb excellent
beginning starting
rejecting reject
disproved refuted
indicted convicted
outcome outcomes
converted transformed
spending expenditure
spends expenditure
affirmative positive
select choose
estimation estimate
amusing entertaining
allowed permitted
perceptible discernible
automotive automobiles
anybody somebody
feasibility viability
rinsing rinse
restrictions limitations
identifies detects
identify detects
attentively carefully
mimics imitates
lowered reduced
lowered reduce
lowered reducing
lower reduced
undoubtedly surely
penetrates enters
fetuses foetuses
explosion blast
rejected repudiate
rejected repudiated
particulates particles
volunteers voluntary
agrarian agricultural
entries entrances
nullified invalidated
disturbing unsettling
photograph pictures
photographs pictures
shamelessly brazenly
customize personalize
mohamed mohammad
contest competition
revert return
organisation organization
designed design
divergence difference
magnate tycoon
breaches contravene
breached contravene
value values
approximately approx
calm calming
mankind humankind
distressed distress
yogurt yoghurt
demolished destroyed
decreased declines
adjusted adjust
choose select
cuban cubans
dissatisfied displeased
infertility sterility
wisely judiciously
middlemen intermediaries
emphasized highlighted
critically crucially
discernible perceptible
unshakeable unwavering
destruction devastation
reunification reunion
liberated liberate
flourishing prosperous
abhorrent repugnant
honour honor
introducing introduce
gratitude thanked
gratitude thanks
transferring transfer
transferring transfers
secret secretive
adjustment readjusted
complaint complaints
ecologically environmentally
closure closing
understandable intelligible
reviewing reviews
reviewing review
abdel abdul
removes eliminates
acronyms abbreviations
stated declared
gambling gaming
abbreviations acronyms
tranquilizers tranquillizers
wonderful fantastic
whole entire
streamlined simplified
sensitivity sensibility
prison jailed
contain containing
interchange exchanged
reward rewarding
misappropriation embezzlement
inform informing
manoeuvre maneuver
supposedly purportedly
emphatically categorically
consciousness awareness
fighting combating
fight combating
fighting combat
fight combat
indulgent lenient
suggestions propositions
staggering astonishing
youth youths
organize organise
notices notice
particles particulates
voluntary volunteers
start beginning
markedly noticeably
restrictions restraints
lovable loveable
stores shops
infarction infarct
pump pumping
award awarding
grandmother grandma
forefathers forebears
experienced enjoyed
arrangement agreement
imitates mimics
recognises recognizes
father fathers
lubrication lubricating
unlimited unrestricted
dikes dykes
discontinued abandoned
reluctant hesitant
testimonials testimonies
lengthened prolonged
shrinks decreases
shrink decreases
organise organize
increase heightens
increases heightens
differentiation distinction
infractions violations
colours colour
inspected examined
suggested insinuated
considerably greatly
facilitate facilitates
honourable honorable
troubling worrisome
bookshops bookstores
reaffirm reaffirms
regretfully unfortunately
inborn innate
solving settling
painting paints
paintings paint
painting paint
paintings paints
bin ibn
reverts return
reverts returns
fatigue tiredness
fake false
pollutants contaminants
impacting influencing
destroying obliterating
powerless impotent
special specific
converge converging
obstructs hinders
obstructed hindering
obstructs hindering
obstructing hinders
obstructed hinders
obstructs hinder
aircrafts airplanes
rescinded cancelled
rescinded canceled
incorporated incorporate
reporting report
frightening scary
reduced lowered
reduce lowered
reducing lowered
reduced lower
appease placate
primarily essentially
coercion compulsion
load loaded
increase rise
cooperative collaborative
uv ultraviolet
resultant resulting
abolishing eliminating
chilli chili
immutable unchanging
comparing comparison
accidental inadvertent
attractiveness attraction
components ingredients
outstripped outweighed
famed famous
controversial disputed
sorrow sadness
unchanging unchangeable
ravenous voracious
reduced diminished
reducing diminished
reduce diminished
casting cast
impartial unbiased
communities community
exploitative exploitive
japan japanese
recognising recognizing
battlefield battleground
disturbances disruptions
commits perpetrated
forerunner precursor
mohammad mohamed
economies economics
investing invest
expressway freeway
sends dispatches
juridical legal
disable disabling
unwarranted unjustifiable
refurbishing renovation
converted transform
indicted convicted
converted transformed
access accessing
mw megawatts
promptly swiftly
disruptions disturbances
rapidly expeditiously
governments government
appraisals evaluation
appraisals evaluations
anthem hymn
perspectives views
enjoyed experienced
reimbursed refunded
romance romanticism
deterred dissuaded
lighted lit
transformed converted
stupidest dumbest
flies fly
responsibility liability
contaminants pollutants
struggle battle
unmatched unequalled
artifact artefact
veterinarian veterinary
fliers flyers
purportedly allegedly
pharmaceuticals pharmaceutical
misappropriated embezzled
supervised monitored
supervised monitor
supervised monitoring
globalized globalization
neighbouring neighboring
resultant consequent
nullified invalidated
then subsequently
judiciously wisely
upgraded modernized
upgraded modernize
upgrade modernized
tremendous huge
renovated renewed
isolate insulate
automobile car
interact interacting
smiling smiles
smiling smile
stress stresses
lens lenses
reuse reusing
illness sickness
exact precise
tools instruments
cloning clone
priced cost
priced costed
explodes explosions
tireless untiring
info information
learning learn
necessary required
components elements
declined fell
declined fall
declined fallen
teeniest tiniest
suppliers providers
congregate gather
closures closes
flee escape
demolished destroyed
attentively intently
personalize customize
daily everyday
manufacturers producers
northwest northwestern
backup backups
voluntarily willingly
charges accusations
recognizing acknowledging
signalling signaling
promotes promote
influencing influence
address addressing
specify specifies
thanks thank
speeds accelerates
distribute circulate
distributing circulate
minimum minimal
recommence resume
repute reputation
diminished weakened
contradictory conflicting
agencies organizations
ban prohibit
dreadful horrible
bonfire campfire
interrupted discontinued
insane crazy
impeded hindered
centigrade celsius
crack cracking
vehemently emphatically
solidifying consolidating
drastically significantly
residence residency
mandates mandate
airplane aeroplane
menace threat
complaints complaint
treaty treaties
holidays vacations
demonstrations manifestations
violation infringement
councilors councillors
forebears forefathers
astonishing staggering
residency residence
jailed prison
prohibitions bans
assuage allay
accompany accompanying
sulphate sulfate
crucial pivotal
bleed bleeding
plowing ploughing
absurd ludicrous
concise succinct
inviolable inviolate
detonated exploded
authentic genuine
spacecrafts spaceships
bathrooms toilets
classify categorize
employees personnel
indicators indicator
carving engraving
important significant
disruption interruption
cautious careful
fill filling
reset resetting
airfield aerodrome
influenza flu
averted avoided
railways railroads
inherent intrinsic
yearning longing
fortunate lucky
cost priced
costed priced
influencing impacting
increased widens
increases widens
increase widens
increasing widens
revived rekindled
designated designate
informant informer
fouad fuad
expenditure spending
expenditure spends
consultant advisor
randomly indiscriminately
muhammad mohammad
infractions violations
careless reckless
customize personalize
pictured photograph
pictured photographed
causing arousing
bleeding bleed
adjust adjusted
disease diseases
recycle recycling
incomprehensible inexplicable
mohammad muhammad
supervised monitored
propositions suggestions
monitoring supervising
monitor supervising
subsidies subsidizing
rescinded cancelled
rescinded cancel
rescinded canceled
rescind cancelled
rescind cancel
syncing sync
deposited deposit
penitentiaries prison
penitentiaries prisons
renounce relinquish
vacations holidays
programs programme
program programme
programmes programme
detects identifies
detects identify
fatal deadly
tombstones gravestones
restricts confines
acknowledging recognizing
disaffected dissatisfied
directions instructions
leaflets pamphlets
financing funding
exciting exhilarating
unnecessary superfluous
weakened diminished
size sized
settling solving
impacted affected
adaptation adapting
defines define
regulations provisions
decreases fall
decreases falls
east eastern
strikingly remarkably
prohibition banning
railroads railways
explored investigated
adapter adaptor
sought strived
sought striven
stimulating stimulate
consistency coherence
different various
checkbook chequebook
reviews revisions
info information
shops stores
dignified decent
spying spy
involvement participation
characteristics featured
ibn bin
regrettable unfortunate
information info
aroused caused
squabbling squabble
successes accomplishments
washrooms bathrooms
restraints restrictions
consultants advisors
purposes aims
proposing propose
fundamentally essentially
automobiles automotive
weird odd
transform converted
transformed converted
intricately intimately
supervise monitor
supervise monitoring
personnel employees
inevitably unavoidably
suffocation asphyxiation
hindrance obstacle
disable disabled
appeasing placating
garment clothing
restrain restrict
receded decreased
dive diving
indigent destitute
checks verification
upgraded modernized
pamphlets leaflets
eastern east
drowning drown
gratification satisfaction
behavioural behavioral
renovated renewed
audits auditing
audit auditing
enhance enhancing
adjoining neighbouring
brainstorming brainstorm
unwavering unshakeable
changes modifications
involvement engagements
modified amended
till until
chechen chechnya
blinking blink
czar tsar
encourage encouraging
everyone everybody
instruments tools
prevents impedes
prevents impede
prevents impeded
diagnosing diagnose
cheers cheering
recognizing recognising
bleeding hemorrhaging
fierce ferocious
sabotage sabotaging
cooperation collaboration
packet package
kurd kurds
organise organising
ploughing plowing
attraction attractiveness
cooking cook
assessment appraisals
assessments appraisals
underfed undernourished
affirm reaffirm
lodgings accommodations
angels angel
prolongation extension
audit audited
continued continuous
sacred holy
delayed delay
carnage massacre
powerful potent
diminished weakened
gasoline petrol
creating create
unavoidable inescapable
appointments nominations
horrible horrifying
ovarian ovary
squabble squabbling
nowhere anywhere
deleting delete
tiring exhausting
prison penitentiary
combating fighting
combating fight
combat fighting
combat fight
tolerable bearable
beginning start
terminated halted
usually ordinarily
impeded prevented
has ha
had ha
neighbours neighbour
fateful fatal
expenditures spending
expenditures spent
impeding obstructing
interrogators inquisitors
ties tying
undermining hindering
encouraging encourage
annoys irritates
detonated exploded
detonated explode
catastrophes disasters
incorrect wrong
frankly honestly
enlightening instructive
defenceless helpless
exploited utilised
designated designate
staggering stunning
packet package
results outcomes
proclaimed declared
organise organizing
organised organized
organise organized
organised organizing
organised organize
organise organize
acknowledgment recognition
producers manufacturers
lenient indulgent
drastically sharply
dumbest stupidest
resonated resounded
tiers levels
customize customized
reduced decrease
reduce decrease
reducing decrease
provider supplier
averted avoided
goal objective
improves improve
revived rekindled
installation installing
dearest dear
environments environment
approx approximately
expanding expand
proven proved
veterinarian veterinary
mohammad muhammad
potentially possibly
increased heightened
decoding deciphering
russel russell
egotistical selfish
envisaged envisioned
undermining jeopardizing
destroying demolishing
coordinating coordinate
suspend suspended
monitored oversight
monitoring oversight
installing installation
investigated explored
southwestern southwest
corn maize
responsibilities obligations
advisors consultants
partiality bias
programme programs
programme program
programme programmes
detects detect
auntie aunt
mutual reciprocal
prosper thrive
declared announced
agreement arrangement
squabbling bickering
moderately modestly
avoiding averting
satellite satellites
unscheduled unplanned
presuming supposing
emphasise underline
emphasise underlines
recycled recycle
revised revise
lock locking
rebuffed refused
checking inspecting
checked inspected
checking inspected
particulates particles
social societal
arduous difficult
homes households
coordinates coordinate
varying varied
weakened diminished
paints painting
paint paintings
paint painting
paints paintings
magnificent excellent
thanking gratitude
deficiencies inadequacies
bombardment shelling
gravestones tombstones
teheran tehran
necessary essential
unpacked unwrapped
legislator lawmaker
aboriginals aborigines
restricts hampers
obsolete outmoded
smother suffocate
romanticism romance
regulations regulation
abstain abstaining
salesmen salespeople
doubtful dubious
packing packaging
rescind revoke
guaranteeing ensuring
recaptured recapture
entrances entries
heinous odious
extra additional
sought strove
sought strived
discontinued interrupted
unexpected unforeseen
prohibit prohibiting
speedily promptly
disabling disable
satellites satellite
damaging harmful
surpassed outstripped
inhibited hindered
fathers father
plundering pillage
aroused caused
bizarre weird
environmentally ecologically
quell suppress
assessments evaluations
assessment evaluation
assessments evaluation
assessment evaluations
conscientiously meticulously
broadcast broadcasting
broadcasts broadcasting
use used
guarantees guaranteeing
guarantee guaranteeing
quantifiable measurable
pejorative derogatory
disguised hid
disguised hidden
attired dressed
maimed mutilated
criticised critique
streamline rationalise
hussein hussain
rising surging
savannah savanna
prediction forecasting
disturbed perturbed
misapprehension misunderstanding
emotional emotive
recognise recognised
disabled handicapped
hq headquarters
decreasing receding
safeguards upheld
foetuses fetuses
reviewed assessment
enough sufficient
objective aims
objectives aims
serbians serbs
serbian serb
serbians serb
serbian serbs
revenues earnings
redefining redefine
poll polling
restricting restrict
unflinching unwavering
manifestly clearly
cemetery cemeteries
load loading
unusually uncommonly
underline emphasise
underlines emphasise
financially fiscally
electrified electric
brittle fragile
imprisoned incarcerated
incomes earnings
liter litre
engagements involvement
unequalled unparalleled
angered enraged
confronted faced
confronted face
hindering undermining
decreased shrunk
governments government
conquerors conquistadors
misinterpretation misreading
comparison comparing
despairing desperate
choose select
flourishing prospering
abbreviated abridged
customized personalised
fatherhood paternity
expelled extradited
airplanes aircrafts
complex complicated
correct accurate
east eastern
thrives prospers
aims objective
aims objectives
ridiculous laughable
errors mistakes
inverse reverse
halted terminated
regaining recapturing
renewing renew
obstruct impede
myriad innumerable
incontrovertible incontestable
obstructing impeding
crucial key
photograph photography
requisite required
degrading humiliating
start initiated
started initiated
privilege privileged
disappointed disillusioned
collaborative cooperative
goalkeeper goalie
announced declared
dealer trader
misreading misinterpretation
unflinching unwavering
thriving flourishing
impeded prevented
impede prevented
ironically paradoxically
provisions provision
tribunal court
incomprehensible unintelligible
demonstrate demonstrating
punishing punish
redress remedy
dissidents dissenters
diagnose diagnosing
rendering render
essential necessary
register registering
mutilated maimed
indefensible untenable
passionate impassioned
comprised composed
adjusting adjustment
equal equals
formations establishments
unsupported unsubstantiated
railway railroad
observer observers
curtail restrict
jew jews
bears bear
recognised recognise
intensified amplified
angel angels
error mistaken
informants informers
savanna savannah
impact influence
honored honoured
prospering flourishing
hindered inhibited
uneasy uncomfortable
obliged obligated
placating appeasing
manioc cassava
disciplined discipline
salespeople salesmen
everybody everyone
intimidating intimidate
coach coaching
assessment evaluation
irregularities improprieties
establishments formations
justifiable defensible
vehemently vigorously
quickly speedily
steadily continuously
hedging hedge
yoghurt yogurt
used use
flowering flower
isolate isolating
inadequate insufficient
assumption presumption
stores storage
offenses offences
definitely undoubtedly
learning learn
rebuffed refused
discontented dissatisfied
stresses stress
difficult complicated
consistently steadily
synchronise synchronize
underlined underscores
unload unloading
methods procedures
consultant adviser
increases raises
sewage sewer
incontestable incontrovertible
acronyms abbreviations
huge tremendous
inspected checked
inquisitors interrogators
breaching breach
abbreviations acronyms
upheld safeguards
razed bulldozed
aims purposes
habitable livable
import imported
add added
disgraced dishonored
liable responsible
molt moult
efficient effective
obstruct hinder
results outcomes
result outcomes
rationale justification
transplantation transplants
transplantation transplant
tremendously hugely
presented extant
checked verify
check verify
unloading unload
thank thanks
libel slander
debated debate
surpassed outstripped
inhibited hindered
inhibited hinder
identifies identify
particles particulates
revenues receipts
praised commended
praised commend
sheikh sheik
depositing deposit
scrupulously rigorously
smuggled contraband
flourishing thriving
suggestion propositions
suggestions propositions
surely undoubtedly
selects select
radically fundamentally
untenable indefensible
disappointed disillusioned
topographic topographical
engraving carving
preventing impeding
wedding marriage
stores storage
resumed resume
willingly gladly
reliable dependable
unfettered unrestrained
immensely incredibly
designs designing
design designing
deciphering decoding
escapes flees
mounting mount
amplified intensified
centenary centennial
pamphlet brochure
supplier provider
hazards risks
legible readable
hazards risk
intentionally wilfully
nominations appointments
detachable removable
chiefs chefs
dryer drier
component element
organising organise
spaceships spacecrafts
contentious disputed
commentaries commentary
organising organizing
diseases disease
habitats habitat
damned damn
roads roadways
significantly noticeably
resumes restart
philip phillip
dissuaded deterred
attract attracting
angered enraged
hugely extremely
upload uploading
decrease shrank
decreased shrank
participation involvement
shamed disgraced
canceled annulled
cancelled annulled
prospers thrives
widening expanding
recruitment recruiting
advisor adviser
accidental unintentional
households homes
exceedingly exceptionally
strange odd
prevented forestalled
wealthy richest
wealthy rich
abhorrent abominable
recreation leisure
undernourished underfed
rent renting
growth grow
chilled refrigerated
improprieties irregularities
jinni djinn
bulldozed razed
flourishing booming
generate generating
hanover hannover
proprietor owner
convincing cogent
impeding hindering
stimulate stimulating
settings setting
download downloading
amended modified
tendency trend
increase increased
increases increased
conveniences amenities
reboot restart
ingredients components
instability volatility
southwest southwestern
offences offenses
convoluted complicated
bloodshed bloodletting
coordinate coordinated
coordinates coordinated
harmonizing harmonize
continuously steadily
beat defeats
publication publishing
publications publishing
jeopardizing undermining
resuscitation reanimation
rewriting rewrite
plundered looted
expectation anticipation
debriefing debrief
integrated merged
strived sought
striven sought
immediately promptly
locomotives locos
unavailable inaccessible
abuse misuse
uv ultraviolet
interpreted construed
compromised jeopardised
clause clauses
rekindled revived
accommodation accomodation
flatly categorically
depreciation devaluation
aeroplane airplane
ordinarily typically
distinct separate
repudiated rejected
intricately inextricably
justifications grounds
thrilling exciting
designed destined
infecting contaminating
picturesque scenic
bickering squabbling
irritates annoys
insufficient inadequate
underscores underlined
photo pictured
hindered obstructed
complimentary complementary
millimeters mm
hindered inhibited
hinder inhibited
organisation organization
encoded encrypted
declared proclaimed
paratroopers paratroops
renting rental
broadcasting broadcast
broadcasting broadcasts
phillip philip
sparks arouses
unjustifiable unwarranted
mohammad mohammed
derogatory pejorative
aborigines aboriginals
deleted delete
manufacturer producers
manufacturers producers
court tribunal
stated indicated
volatility instability
amenities conveniences
define defined
appropriately duly
fuad fouad
reaffirms reaffirm
pictured photo
teenagers youngsters
opened opens
opened open
seating seat
ticket ticketing
accredited certified
details detail
interlocking interlock
speeding speed
obligations responsibilities
changes modifications
change modifications
womb uterus
girl girls
detection detect
anxiously eagerly
embodiment incarnation
banning prohibiting
banning prohibits
prescribing prescribe
breathe breath
supervising monitoring
supervising monitor
thus consequently
recapturing regaining
vapor vapour
blink blinking
aim purpose
concerning regarding
foster fostering
charitable philanthropic
mainly primarily
vital important
countering combating
diabolical devilish
luggage baggage
presumably supposedly
headsets headphones
delegated delegate
adopt adopting
downtrodden oppressed
contravene breaches
contravene breached
incarcerated imprisoned
submit submitting
essentially primarily
composed comprised
horrendous appalling
perpetual eternal
subsidizing subsidies
emigrating emigrate
maximizing maximize
procedures methods
entirely fully
diagnose diagnosis
maximize maximizing
underlined underline
spy spying
results consequences
curiously interestingly
diseases maladies
analysis assessments
analyses assessments
learn learning
confines restricts
withdraw withdrawal
behaviour behavioral
similarity resemblance
face confronting
facing confronting
reviews examinations
palestinian palestine
law legislation
mm millimeters
merged integrated
tireless indefatigable
kidnappings abductions
consultants advisers
synchronize synchronise
predetermined preordained
mature matured
resounded resonated
inhibits impede
inhibits impedes
inhibits impeded
swim swimming
spending expenditure
spent expenditure
extradited expelled
hesitation hesitancy
storage stores
embezzled misappropriated
providers suppliers
enabled enable
informers informants
unduly excessively
schultz schulz
agile nimble
guidelines instructions
antiques antiquities
vigorously forcefully
tramway trams
tramway tram
storehouse warehouse
chairman chairwoman
chairmen chairwoman
scenic picturesque
unreservedly unconditionally
unquestionable undoubted
mimicked imitated
clone cloning
combating fighting
penetrated entered
tying ties
method methods
decode decoding
forecasting prediction
regulation regulations
identified detected
unequal uneven
controlling controls
controlling control
backdrop background
differing different
corrected rectified
restructure restructuring
difficult challenging
photograph pictured
photographed pictured
sustained sustainable
unjustified unreasonable
morass quagmire
duress coercion
expanding expansion
repetition repeat
hospitalised hospitalized
turning turn
hire hiring
audited audit
cultivate cultivating
doubles double
tripled trebled
unrestricted unlimited
clashes confrontations
olympic olympians
tubing tube
insurers underwriters
consolidating consolidate
strove sought
strived sought
juveniles minors
assessment reviewed
cheat cheating
kilometer km
incompetent inept
boosted accelerated
considerably noticeably
harshly severely
viewed visualized
rekindled revived
suppressed quelled
renew renewing
unwed unmarried
chequebook checkbook
utilised exploited
effective efficient
repudiate rejected
repudiated rejected
voracious ravenous
unruly undisciplined
oversight monitored
oversight monitoring
propositions suggestion
propositions suggestions
abductions kidnappings
unwrapped unpacked
timetable schedule
releasing release
photography photo
strengthened reinforced
convert converting
hindered obstructed
amazed astonished
tireless untiring
deceleration slowdown
emphasized highlight
emphasize highlights
emphasize highlight
sergei sergey
dated date
rectified remedied
proposals propositions
decorative ornamental
defamation slander
resolving settling
modification alteration
responsibility liability
modified altered
hindering impeding
organize organized
hampers obstructing
hampers obstructs
fighting combating
convincing persuasive
defects deficiencies
contaminating infecting
spreadsheets worksheets
diminished reduced
diminished reducing
diminished reduce
earnestly sincerely
rectify correct
rectify corrects
renewing renew
disperse dispersed
imitated mimicked
remarkable notable
involvement participation
rebirth renaissance
listing list
barking bark
leisure recreation
deficiencies defects
added add
hampers restricts
changes alterations
pharmaceutical pharmaceuticals
revisions reviews
defenseless helpless
outstripped surpassed
shrunk decreased
stepfather stepdad
strangely curiously
increase heightened
increasing heightened
increased heightened
solely only
conquistadors conquerors
forecasting forecasts
forecasting forecast
raises increases
moderne modern
hedge hedging
confrontations clashes
organizing organize
ibn bin
hindered impeded
deflection deviation
worrisome troubling
accelerates speeds
initiated start
initiated started
distrust mistrust
savannah savanna
reverted return
reverted returned
rightful legitimate
phd doctoral
storage stores
bear bears
infarct infarction
macao macau
conversion transformation
outcomes results
seminar seminars
race racing
aforesaid aforementioned
entertaining entertain
capping cap
palestinians palestine
palestinian palestine
indicate indicated
uprising rebellion
define defines
unloaded unload
obstructed hindered
leaking leak
producers manufacturer
producers manufacturers
coordination coordinating
isolating isolate
installing installation
hinders impedes
hinder impedes
hindering impedes
hinder impede
hinders impeded
hinders impede
generating generate
shortages shortcomings
abdul abdel
gathered collated
appealing attractive
previous preceding
covered cover
realist realistic
undoing undo
breathing respiration
viability sustainability
worldwide globally
retaliatory retaliation
disrupted hindered
confederacy confederation
centennial centenary
positions stances
restart resumes
forcefully forcibly
smothered suffocated
reload reloading
verification checks
defeats beat
disputes contentious
assessments analysis
assessments analyses
sent dispatched
send dispatched
sent dispatch
sincere heartfelt
characteristics traits
receipts receipt
handbook manual
spending expenditure
spent expenditure
crazy insane
statistics statistical
auntie aunt
alongside beside
bazar bazaar
dostoevsky dostoyevsky
staggering startling
stunning staggering
inadequacies deficiencies
evaluations appraisals
shipping vessel
negligence carelessness
dispatches sends
programs programme
program programmes
program programme
programs programmes
toughest harshest
insulate isolate
trapping trap
prohibiting banning
prohibits banning
particulates particles
surging rising
identified detected
steal stolen
hindered disrupted
disable disabling
precautionary preventive
obstructing hampers
obstructs hampers
dishonored disgraced
corrected rectified
correcting rectified
effectiveness efficiency
returning reverting
return reverting
primarily chiefly
manifestations demonstrations
looting pillage
baggage luggage
bloodstained bloodied
repealed repeal
views opinion
typical characteristic
plaintiffs complainant
depicting portraying
mens men
impede inhibits
impedes inhibits
impeded inhibits
resulting resultant
interfering intruding
unlocked unlatched
mortal fatal
unfortunate regrettable
revenge vengeance
highlights emphasizing
highlighting emphasizing
unwelcome undesirable
cloned clone
mistaken error
review reviewing
discontinued ended
issuance issue
forcefully vigorously
settling resolving
arrest arresting
conscious aware
sewerage sewage
contempt disdain
commenced commence
tycoon magnate
disarming disarmament
dissenters dissidents
boosted accelerated
counsellor adviser
viewed visualized
minors juveniles
enduring lasting
falling declining
wholesome healthier
wholesome healthy
alert alerting
saami sami
globally worldwide
funding funds
bestest best
grays greys
gray greys
suppliers providers
represent representing
headphones headsets
repeating repeat
prescribe prescribed
envision envisage
speeded accelerated
sped accelerated
remedied rectified
responsibilities liabilities
unconditionally unreservedly
unemployed jobless
gratitude thanking
decorations ornaments
magnificent wonderful
modernized upgraded
modernize upgraded
modernized upgrade
undermines erodes
liquid liquids
dreadful appalling
indicated stated
egg eggs
prolonging lengthening
obliterating destroying
crime criminality
prolonged lengthy
stubbornly doggedly
facilitate facilitating
preserving maintaining
impeded constrained
converted convert
worksheets spreadsheets
detected identified
vigorously strongly
designate designated
modifying amending
cast casting
marrakech marrakesh
reviewing review
greys grays
greys gray
eagerly impatiently
effective efficient
worrisome disquieting
simplified streamlined
simplifying streamlining
simplified streamlining
simplifying streamlined
participation involvement
shame disgrace
modifications changes
audits verification
honourably honorably
preventive preventative
predictable foreseeable
altered modified
representatives delegates
savanna savannah
validate validating
inspecting checking
inspected checked
inspected checking
southeastern southeast
commitments pledges
lorry truck
chefs chiefs
deviation deflection
pajamas pyjamas
alterations modifications
pleasing gratifying
sharply drastically
rental leasing
vengeance revenge
advisers consultants
frighteningly alarmingly
reviews inspects
reviews inspecting
consequences repercussions
principal main
outstripped surpassed
repeats repetitions
pancreatic pancreas
indicates indicate
shrank decrease
shrank decreased
measurable quantifiable
competitors contenders
wanted wanna
accomplishments successes
regulations ordinance
regulations ordinances
portraying depicting
supervise monitor
targeting target
constrained impeded
increased widened
uses usage
hemorrhaging bleeding
organize organise
disgraced shamed
circumspect cautious
rose hiked
rise hiked
rising hiked
regarding concerning
expenditure spending
expenditure spent
east eastward
important significant
flees escapes
hijack hijacking
reliant dependent
clarifying clarify
reset restart
dalmatian dalmatia
synchronize synchronization
nonsensical absurd
alienation estrangement
rushed hurried
canceling cancelling
allows enables
indicate indicates
identify identifies
automatic automated
storehouses storerooms
proscribed prohibited
reaffirms reassert
reaffirm reassert
reaffirmed reassert
plough plow
dostoyevsky dostoevsky
organise organize
obstructed hindered
perturbed disturbed
repayments refunds
assisting assist
assisting assists
readjusted adjustment
mustache moustache
restricted confined
significant important
significantly dramatically
lactating breastfeeding
start commenced
started commence
started commenced
unmatched unrivalled
refreshing refresh
spaceships starships
separate segregate
clients customers
clients customer
client customers
beating beat
disillusioned disappointed
date dated
jihadist jihadi
snaps snapshots
updates updating
update updating
entering penetrating
saturated saturate
mohammed mohammad
disabling disable
specs specifications
disguise conceal
committed perpetrate
youngsters teenagers
sent dispatched
sends dispatched
send dispatched
difference variance
highlight emphasise
highlights emphasise
dissemination disseminated
dissemination disseminate
unparalleled unsurpassed
locos locomotives
downloads download
archeological archaeological
continuous ongoing
uterus womb
understand comprehend
understood comprehend
combating fighting
answerable accountable
drier dryer
exhibition exposition
reckless careless
overthrown ousted
sharply dramatically
emphasise stress
emphasise stresses
emphasise stressed
mount mounting
intervene interfere
fragrance perfume
cleanup cleaning
offenses offences
discord dissension
credentials certificates
prefers prefer
limit constrains
limiting constrains
limited constrains
limits constrains
frustrated disappointed
jailed incarcerated
verification audits
environment environments
breathing breathe
flatmate roommate
muhammad mohammad
selfish egotistical
removals elimination
removals eliminations
significant important
continually steadily
traveling travelling
increase raises
increases raises
combat fighting
celebrate celebrated
conflicts disputes
programs programmes
unsettling troubling
mainly chiefly
reduce reduced
smallest littlest
vary differ
brainstorm brainstorming
revealed disclosed
ok okay
abandoned relinquished
modern contemporary
compliance conformity
definitions definition
schedule timetable
wonderful magnificent
renewed refurbished
outcomes results
outcomes result
commissioners commissars
impeccable irreproachable
veterinary veterinarian
toppled ousted
swiftly speedily
coordinate coordinates
emblematic symbolic
deliberately wilfully
useful helpful
defeating defeat
specifies specify
highways roadways
government governments
instructive enlightening
stress emphasise
stresses emphasise
stressed emphasise
demolishing destroying
steady stable
particularly notably
shoe shoes
seminars seminar
emphasizing highlights
emphasizing highlighting
participation involvement
danger risk
sped accelerated
irrespective regardless
immense huge
arouses sparks
solitude loneliness
paradoxically ironically
riveting fascinating
announcements proclamations
flawless impeccable
headquarters headquarter
diverse different
destitute indigent
annex annexe
warranties guarantees
manufacturers industrialists
influence influencing
analogue analog
combustible flammable
nimble agile
selecting select
diagnostics diagnoses
doctorate doctoral
chiefly mostly
lengthen prolong
change shifted
changed shifted
hijacking hijack
police policing
packaging packing
streamlined simplified
streamlining simplifying
streamlining simplified
streamlined simplifying
preemptive preventive
reduced reduce
accelerated boosted
render rendering
instant instantaneous
forcible forced
keyboard keypad
appraisals assessment
appraisals assessments
arrange organize
inferred deduced
ousted toppled
annoyed irritated
unimpeded unfettered
abdel abdul
mitigate mitigating
starships spaceships
deportations evictions
regardless irrespective
onboard aboard
households homes
duplicating duplicate
extraterrestrial alien
personalised customized
routing route
killers murderers
emile emil
southeast southeastern
lubricating lubricant
focus concentrate
forgery falsification
girls girl
rental leased
recurring recurrent
preserve preserving
lengthening prolonging
incarnation embodiment
dissemination disseminate
likable likeable
rebellions uprisings
offences offenses
realistic realist
mimic emulate
transmitting transmit
disclosed revealed
storerooms storehouses
expenditure spending
expenditure spent
testimonies testimonials
phase stage
cosmonaut astronaut
penitentiary correctional
suggesting insinuating
improbable implausible
humanity mankind
australian australians
harshest toughest
exception exemption
restarts restart
liquids liquid
pleased glad
ornaments decorations
unconquerable invincible
curved curve
exercising exercise
brutally savagely
virtually practically
organization organisation
insurgent rebel
thereafter afterward
rushed hurried
unable incapable
responsibility obligations
responsibilities obligations
rent renting
reforming reform
reforming reforms
behaviour behavior
prerogative privilege
mutiny rebellion
voyage journey
realizations accomplishments
seized confiscated
ignored overlooked
firmly resolutely
listed list
complainant plaintiffs
residence residency
subsequent later
immensity vastness
specific special
populated populous
booting boot
divergence discrepancy
reverting revert
replying responding
russian russians
liaise liaising
aunt auntie
photography photographic
reject rejecting
enjoyable pleasurable
detected identified
commence commenced
apparent obvious
justification rationale
counsellor counselor
scenery landscape
compassion sympathy
involvement participation
restricted hampered
receipt receipts
adviser consultant
faxed fax
balance balancing
evictions deportations
attempts endeavours
decoding decode
different divergent
privilege prerogative
forwarded transmitted
voluntary volunteer
upgrade upgrading
depressing disheartening
cleaned sanitized
astonished amazed
aborigines aboriginals
moustache mustache
perpetrated commits
jews jew
overthrew ousted
harmful damaging
insanely incredibly
disturbing worrisome
drier driest
moult molt
informal unofficial
bravery courage
surrendered capitulated
bounds boundaries
increase gains
increased gains
increasing gains
increases gains
recognize recognizing
modelling model
homicidal murderous
policing police
anywhere nowhere
traits characteristics
blah bla
experiences enjoys
vapours vapors
longer long
km kilometres
durable lasting
dreaming dreams
dreaming dream
revealed disclosed
remedy redress
recollections reminiscences
littlest smallest
northwest northwestern
particles particulates
modernized upgraded
limits restrictions
wherever whenever
supposed presumed
designate designated
judicial juridical
renowned famous
toppled ousted
precursor forerunner
widens increased
widens increases
widens increase
widens increasing
battle fight
erroneously wrongfully
pricing costing
folly foolishness
quelled suppressed
soybeans soya
undeniable incontrovertible
halted discontinued
murdered assassinated
headsets headphones
manoeuvring maneuvering
infuriating exasperating
retrieve recover
declining falling
unidentified unknown
aggression aggressiveness
putsch coup
starts beginnings
start beginnings
croatian croats
croatians croat
croatians croats
croatian croat
thrived prospered
disputes conflicts
broaden broadening
firmly strongly
merged amalgamated
anxiously impatiently
hurried rushed
flammable combustible
resisted withstood
underwriters insurers
leak leaking
approximately approx
trebled tripled
countless numerous
eliminate delete
eliminating delete
permissible acceptable
dramatically markedly
answers answering
answer answering
diving dive
color coloured
color colour
deposit deposited
cinematic cinematographic
computerised computerized
parental paternal
demonstrating demonstrate
counsellor counselor
affluent wealthy
validating validate
pyjamas pajamas
propositions proposals
bin ibn
dmitri dmitry
deduced inferred
unrivalled unmatched
examinations reviews
kidnappings abductions
efficient effective
huge great
matching match
matching matches
enterprising entrepreneurial
repulsive repugnant
evaluation assessment
accomplishments realizations
unplanned unscheduled
wait waiting
waits waiting
elements components
antiquities antiques
accelerated boosted
sorts sort
require requires
inferred deduced
rightly justifiably
heightens increase
heightens increases
assessment evaluation
ousted toppled
default defaulted
emigrate emigrating
unequalled unparalleled
ubiquitous pervasive
tricky difficult
oppressed downtrodden
perhaps maybe
analyzing analysing
negotiating negotiate
adjustments modifications
specify specifies
relationships relationship
desolation devastation
infraction infringement
altered amended
altered amend
implausible improbable
rental leased
rental leasing
opinion views
contenders competitors
dissatisfied disaffected
enterprises corporations
enterprise corporations
skating skate
susceptibility sensitivity
selects picks
select picks
streamline simplify
streamline simplified
download downloads
erodes undermines
amended altered
amend altered
modifications adjustments
adapting adapt
averting avoiding
costing pricing
disclosed revealed
increased broadened
authorised authorized
whenever wherever
provisions regulations
glad delighted
vessel shipping
evaluation assessment
unrestrained unfettered
methods means
mohammad muhammad
uprisings rebellions
seized confiscated
hilly mountainous
construed interpreted
supposition presumption
shortfall deficit
inaccessible unavailable
erode undermine
feasible possible
cacao cocoa
honoured honored
dissension discord
instructions guidelines
preserving preserve
dancing dance
dancing dances
funded financed
abductions kidnappings
mahmoud mahmud
converting convert
bravely valiantly
coloured color
colour color
modifications changes
modifications change
abandons renounces
absolutely definitely
proposals propositions
proposal propositions
recognisable identifiable
widened increased
widened increase
strengthened strengthening
original initial
privileges prerogatives
suffocated smothered
gravity severity
perverted perverse
abdul abdel
ousted overthrown
ordinance regulations
ordinances regulations
enlarging enlargement
protections safeguards
unrivalled unparalleled
seeking striving
seeking strive
setting settings
leasing rental
presumed supposed
disrupted hampered
orders decrees
defects deficiencies
across throughout
modifications alterations
spreadsheets worksheets
eradicate eradicated
dumb stupid
flower flowering
kidnapped abducted
innards entrails
arousing causing
communicating communication
savior saviour
denounces condemns
leased rental
presently currently
cooperated collaborated
cooperate collaborating
cooperate collaborated
cooperated collaborate
cooperate collaborate
relentless ruthless
deficiencies defects
insinuated suggested
fights battles
change alterations
changes alterations
bark barking
styling style
substitution replacement
divergent differing
snake serpent
appraisals evaluations
escaped fled
organized organize
encourage encouraging
detect detects
unpardonable inexcusable
instructions directions
receding decreasing
samples specimens
raises increase
raises increases
substantially markedly
sensors detectors
resolving resolve
assumptions hypotheses
justifiably legitimately
impedes hinders
deferred postponed
impedes hinder
impedes hindering
impede hinder
impeded hinders
impede hinders
pledges commitments
objets objects
complimentary complementary
opening opens
opening open
combined combine
useless worthless
preventive precautionary
decline decrease
hosted host
halted discontinued
prospered thrived
massive enormous
id identifier
murdered assassinated
storehouses depots
responsibilities responsabilities
liberating liberate
corporations enterprises
corporations enterprise
contributions donations
specific precise
eternal perpetual
complicated complex
beheaded decapitated
disheartening discouraging
undo undoing
hurried rushed
interestingly curiously
resisted withstood
consequences results
archaeological archaeology
fully entirely
elimination removals
eliminations removals
basle basel
requisition requisitioning
select selects
sized size
repetitions repeats
collaboration cooperation
amending modifying
cases instances
rest remainder
unusual uncommon
viewed opinion
principles precepts
impossibly unbelievably
imagery imaging
relationship relationships
marrakesh marrakech
positions stances
adapting adapt
rescues rescuing
rescue rescuing
attending attend
deduced inferred
standpoint perspective
bans prohibition
bans prohibitions
false fakes
impending forthcoming
avoiding avoid
limitations restriction
limitation restriction
cancelling canceling
sterile infertile
biologic biological
discontinued halted
deployed deploy
crucially vitally
contentious disputes
limitations constraints
impeding preventing
behavior behaviour
objects objets
strengthen bolster
strengthened bolster
approving approve
meager meagre
sizeable significant
hazardous dangerous
dissolution disbanding
driest drier
wide broader
wide broad
wider broader
wider broad
findings results
targets objectives
barbecue barbeque
rocket missiles
rocket missile
adolescents teenagers
analytic analytical
wronged mistaken
delegates representatives
malnourished undernourished
hypotheses assumptions
suspend discontinue
ruskies russkies
methods method
saviour savior
cassava manioc
conformity accordance
abnormally unusually
postponed deferred
irritated annoyed
executives administrative
gains increase
gains increased
gains increasing
gains increases
battles fights
shortcomings shortages
essential indispensable
biggest hugest
administrative executives
restricting curbing
objective objectives
proportionate commensurate
gonzalez gonzales
roadways highways
molt moult
fell decreased
fall decreased
fallen decrease
fallen decreased
underlines highlight
underlines highlights
underline highlights
underline highlight
underlined highlight
tsar czar
utilize utilized
beginnings starts
beginnings start
curtail curb
sparked aroused
behavioral behaviour
withstood resisted
customers clients
customer clients
customers client
complicated difficult
discrepancy divergence
relinquished abandoned
underrated undervalued
requisite necessary
subpoena summons
enjoys experiences
kms kilometres
km kilometres
medicinal medical
unfettered unimpeded
inactivity inaction
undernourished malnourished
demonstration manifestation
combined amalgamated
headphones headsets
updating updates
updating update
perplexity bewilderment
finalizing finalize
probabilities likelihood
guerrillas insurgents
annulled canceled
annulled cancelled
lowers reduction
lowers reductions
decorations ornaments
permitted allowed
jeopardised compromised
killed assassinated
homosexual gay
detectors sensors
formulae formula
displaying display
displaying displays
worksheets spreadsheets
learn learning
halting stopping
limits limitations
beat beating
ousted overthrew
polling poll
diseases illnesses
hampered disrupted
broadening broaden
writing write
sorting sort
labourer laborer
cemeteries cemetery
clone cloned
currently presently
recover retrieve
picks selects
picks select
adequate sufficient
smells odour
smell odour
informed enlightened
affiliate affiliated
concrete specific
lengthy prolonged
inhibiting hindering
damn damned
loading load
fight battle
statistical statistics
okay ok
beautifully splendidly
anomalous abnormal
updated updating
leased rental
leasing rental
restrict constrain
differ vary
retrieving retrieve
detects detected
dispersed disperse
illustrated exemplified
murderers killers
debrief debriefing
stockholder shareholder
maiming mutilating
encoded encrypted
inappropriate unsuitable
important crucial
escaped fled
regulations ordinances
shrewd astute
confined restricted
particularly specifically
plainly clearly
assumption supposition
resolves solves
assertion affirmation
kilometres kms
kilometres km
wrangling squabbling
restart restarts
searched scoured
enriched enrich
isolate isolates
deferred postponed
unhurt unharmed
reviewing assessment
custody detention
sleepiness drowsiness
constraints limitations
rebooting reboot
crazy mad
delete deleted
decapitated beheaded
restart resume
inhibited impeded
indiscriminately randomly
whilst while
timeline timetable
depots storehouses
pleasant pleasurable
obligations responsibility
obligations responsibilities
undermined weakened
km kilometre
nonsensical senseless
key essential
prohibiting prohibit
intruding interfering
confronting face
confronting facing
decreasing shrinking
retained preserved
pier piers
uncomfortable uneasy
explicitly specifically
beheaded decapitated
ventilation ventilating
simplify streamline
simplified streamline
vulnerabilities frailties
reverses reversals
undetermined indeterminate
overlap overlapping
blasts explosions
olympians olympic
ingrained entrenched
cancel annul
cancelled annul
harvesting harvest
access accessing
overcrowded congested
entrails innards
unsuitable unfit
helicopters choppers
incompatibility inconsistency
illumination lighting
detail details
infiltrate penetrate
stocks stock
disks discs
disk discs
predicting predict
assigned allocated
impatiently anxiously
certificate certification
laptop notebook
bargaining negotiating
upgrading upgrade
enraged angered
mohamed mohammad
imperative essential
transmitted forwarded
select choose
abridged abbreviated
economics economies
soya soybeans
explore exploring
dangerous hazardous
enables allows
widest broadest
encounters confrontations
explosions blasts
forgers counterfeiters
prohibit prohibits
impedes prevents
impede prevents
impeded prevents
preserved retained
assigned allocated
assign allocated
discontinued halted
eagerly anxiously
difficult tough
youths youth
rebeca rebecca
phillip philip
supporting supports
supporting support
phillip philips
increased widened
increase widened
initial original
entertainment amusement
donations contributions
insurgents guerrillas
breathe breathes
noticeable discernible
disappearing vanish
disappear vanish
superbly beautifully
mutilating maiming
redeploy redistribute
funds funding
increase grows
increases grows
increasing grows
increased grows
isolates isolate
intensifying intensified
barrier obstacle
shortage shortfall
reales actual
postponed deferred
level tiers
levels tiers
requires require
proclamations announcements
financing finance
dramatically substantially
prefer prefers
unlicensed unauthorised
isolate insulate
encrypted encoded
repeat repeating
smiles smiling
smile smiling
manages administers
eastern east
hindering inhibiting
correctional penitentiary
abduct kidnapping
abducted kidnap
abduct kidnap
overlooked ignored
imbued impregnated
restrictions limits
resume resumed
indispensable essential
paste pasting
unreasonable unjustified
imaginings imaginations
sparked aroused
withstood resisted
objectives targets
stances positions
trader dealer
hampered obstructed
likeable likable
chairperson president
designated designate
consolidate consolidating
mistrust distrust
transmit transmitting
gain obtain
brutally cruelly
combined amalgamated
influencing influence
harder harsher
identify identifies
decreased reduced
granny grandma
sacred sacrosanct
hampered restricted
humid moist
hideous heinous
disseminated dissemination
disseminate dissemination
guaranteed guarantee
guaranteed guarantees
killed assassinated
opponent adversary
serviceable usable
retrieve retrieving
curiously strangely
started commencement
starting commencement
roommate flatmate
meaningful significant
horrible appalling
cracking cracks
silly foolish
formation creation
hugest biggest
curbing restricting
facilitate facilitating
ranch ranching
razing bulldozing
arrangements agreement
arrangements agreements
arrangement agreements
arrangement agreement
recoup recover
insecure precarious
tools instruments
recognizes acknowledges
accelerated speeded
accelerated sped
conversations talks
gonzales gonzalez
collated gathered
australians australian
suitably adequately
observers observer
ensures ensure
inconsistent incompatible
reduction declines
reductions declines
unbelievably impossibly
expeditious rapid
likelihood probabilities
disheartening depressing
empower empowering
confiscated seized
outcomes results
outcomes resulting
risks dangers
meanwhile meantime
empathy sympathy
determine determining
injures injuries
deferment adjournment
tires tyres
exhausting tiring
focuses concentrates
fakes false
shifted change
shifted changed
mum mom
moist humid
revealed uncovered
consistent coherent
reducing lessens
reduced lessens
reduces lessens
turbulent tumultuous
fridge refrigerator
intensified intensify
calculate calculating
disappointment disenchantment
unwillingly reluctantly
caused reason
reminiscences recollections
categorically flatly
similarly equally
horribly terribly
humiliate humiliated
meticulously carefully
promptly rapidly
fighting combat
partnering partnership
partnering partnerships
revoke rescind
plunder pillage
throughout across
policing police
policing polices
rectified corrected
smallest tiniest
discs disks
discs disk
refresh refreshing
motors automobiles
hurt harmed
substantially greatly
jogging jog
weakened undermined
decapitated beheaded
ornaments decorations
inhibited impede
inhibited impeded
helpful useful
unending interminable
delayed deferred
grounds justifications
abrupt sudden
efficacious effective
abundant plentiful
cancelled canceled
sacrosanct sacred
pooling pool
inmates detainees
ousted deposed
drowsiness sleepiness
delegate delegated
laughable ludicrous
continue continuing
obligations liabilities
prohibition bans
prohibitions bans
retaliation retaliatory
dispatched sent
dispatched send
dispatch sent
russians russian
reduction lowers
reductions lowers
enhancing enhance
congrats congratulations
kilometre km
courts tribunals
strained tense
expand expanding
simultaneous concurrent
valiantly bravely
impregnated imbued
extant presented
admissible acceptable
earnings revenues
coherence cohesion
specifications characteristics
subjects issues
unparalleled unrivalled
vapour vapor
obstructed hampered
reinforcing strengthening
uploading downloading
lecture lectures
virtually practically
rebellion uprising
twisting twist
decent dignified
while whilst
mid middle
bulldozing razing
commander commandant
evaluation assessment
refuses rejects
rooted ingrained
enraged angered
encrypted encoded
unwarranted unfounded
separated detached
authorized authorised
decreased fell
decreased fall
decrease fallen
decreased fallen
impeded inhibited
philip phillip
philips phillip
assessments assessed
upcoming forthcoming
erroneously falsely
halting halt
definition definitions
sparks ignites
imaging imagery
humour humor
curb curtail
significance importance
promotes promote
cooperate cooperation
violated infringed
testicles testes
uninterrupted unbroken
reduced diminished
integrating merging
cooled refrigerated
medicine medication
harmed hurt
rmb renminbi
doctorates phds
farthest furthest
license licensed
striving seeking
strive seeking
rises raises
unfettered unbridled
fax faxing
unshakeable unswerving
identifiable recognisable
fighting fight
fighting fights
rises soars
refurbished renewed
rose soars
rise soars
report reporting
renounces abandons
weighing weigh
goal objective
cooperating cooperate
analyse analysing
repeat repetition
allocated assigned
wrath anger
deport expel
notably particularly
suicide suicidal
undermined eroded
efficacy effectiveness
bathroom washroom
advisor adviser
advisors adviser
advisor advisers
advisors advisers
tombstones headstones
formulate formulating
abruptly suddenly
sofa couch
commenced start
commence started
commenced started
determining determine
congrats congratulations
continuing continue
decrees edicts
nurse nursing
hindering obstructing
pleasant enjoyable
disadvantaged disadvantage
disorders disturbances
allocated assigned
allocated assign
disenchanted disillusioned
affirmation assertion
cooperate cooperating
everybody everyone
overseeing supervising
provoked aroused
assignments assignment
channel canal
ban prohibition
ousted deposed
archeology archaeology
standoff confrontation
raises rises
exemption exception
petroleum oil
advanced advance
sacredness sanctity
advanced advances
saturate saturated
mistaken wronged
rejects refuses
hugely tremendously
restrict restricting
unharmed unhurt
modifying amending
major important
separate distinct
reviewed inspected
review inspected
opinion viewed
interlock interlocking
streamline streamlining
usage uses
impair undermine
propensity tendency
inadequate insufficient
affirmation confirmation
propositions proposals
propositions proposal
kidnaps abducts
kidnapping abducted
split divide
resolved remedied
headstones tombstones
recapture recaptured
stiffness rigidity
alarmingly frighteningly
offense offence
bla blah
neighbour neighbours
teenagers adolescents
accelerated sped
definitive definite
unload unloaded
paralysis palsy
fled escaped
improve improves
contaminated polluted
seafloor seabed
booklets pamphlets
troubles difficulties
scanned scan
confiscated seized
halt stop
adviser advisor
adviser advisors
advisers advisor
advisers advisors
km kilometers
incendiary inflammatory
revealed uncovered
mid middle
opportunity opportunities
alterations changes
adjustments modifications
realistic realist
adjustment modifications
residuals residues
residual residues
clarify clarifying
immensely extraordinarily
illnesses diseases
assessment evaluation
intermediary middleman
helpless defenseless
burn burns
congested overcrowded
annex annexe
surprised amazed
profiles profile
salted salty
rectified corrected
rectified correcting
penetrate infiltrate
ecg ekg
hiring hire
modifications adjustments
modifications adjustment
informed apprised
declines reduction
declines reductions
relevant pertinent
characteristics feature
characteristic feature
forestalled prevented
approachable accessible
landscaping landscape
inflammatory incendiary
delayed deferred
merging integrating
searched search
freeway motorway
ruthless relentless
endeavours attempts
steadily continually
objectives goals
focusing concentrating
select choose
repudiate reject
firefighters firemen
simplify simplifying
jeopardize undermine
speed speeding
waiting wait
waiting waits
adapted tailored
adapting tailored
japanese japans
japanese japan
dispatched sent
dispatched sends
dispatched send
catastrophes calamities
enormous massive
redefine redefining
dearth shortage
targets objectives
targets objective
helpful useful
characteristics specifications
limited constrained
beijing peking
muhammad mohammad
ensure ensuring
instances cases
performing perform
habitat habitats
requesting request
persuasive compelling
integrate integrated
opens open
issues subjects
supports endorses
identifying detecting
dance dancing
dances dancing
sing sings
mimicking imitating
counterfeiters forgers
penetrating entering
pusan busan
unlimited limitless
assessments appraisals
negotiations talks
canceled revoked
cancelled revoked
permanently constantly
astonishingly strikingly
operating operation
requires require
lumber timber
correcting rectifying
broadest widest
grows increase
grows increases
grows increasing
grows increased
violations breaches
sort sorts
wrong incorrect
beautifully superbly
impede inhibited
impeded inhibited
containing contain
ordinances regulations
steamer steamship
limitations limits
damage harm
cover covered
calculating calculate
bazaar bazar
east eastern
connected related
propose proposing
finished finish
mutilate maim
revenge avenge
tranquillizers tranquillisers
attempt attempting
installs install
protecting safeguarding
decrease decreased
decreases decreased
profligate wasteful
orders decrees
orders decree
update updated
updates updated
capture capturing
importance important
reward rewarding
throttle accelerator
assessment reviewing
uses utilizes
cocoa cacao
highlighted underlined
pasting paste
laborer labourer
seafloor seabed
broadening expanding
view visualizing
viewing visualizing
disinfection disinfecting
fights battles
fight battles
directions guidance
breastfeeding lactating
uterus uterine
aroused sparked
influence influencing
meeting meetings
planes aircrafts
specious fallacious
examining examine
aid helps
aid help
undermined eroded
enormously extraordinarily
sensors detectors
cases instances
case instances
loot plunder
assumptions hypotheses
underlined emphasised
highlighting highlight
native indigenous
protracted lengthy
insufficient inadequate
confrontations encounters
choppers helicopters
extraordinarily enormously
residues residuals
pulmonary lung
residues residual
cancelled rescind
cancel rescind
instruments tools
clone cloning
camaraderie comradeship
abbreviated abridged
candidates nominees
methodically systematically
information info
provoked aroused
restart reset
incomes revenues
disseminated disseminate
cascading cascade
traumatised traumatized
ousted deposed
constrains limit
constrains limiting
constrains limited
constrains limits
tenacity persistence
obstacle barrier
rings ring
preventative precautionary
intelligently sensibly
recycling recycle
impede obstruct
incompatible inconsistent
everyone everybody
lectures lecture
ships vessels
assist assisting
assists assisting
recognizing recognize
difficulties troubles
subpoenas summons
subpoenas summonses
imitating mimicking
ordinances decrees
tools instrument
tool instruments
tool instrument
depended relied
videotaped videotape
appalling horrifying
reviewed inspected
vastness immensity
detainees inmates
artists entertainers
electrical electric
sustainability viability
reclaim recover
intensified intensifying
unseen invisible
continuance continuation
booklets pamphlets
probes investigates
firemen firefighters
annoyed irritated
shrinking decreasing
eastward east
streamline streamlining
systems schemes
affected impacted
cancelled abolished
canceled abolished
spying espionage
deposed ousted
inspects reviews
inspecting reviews
invaluable priceless
predict predicting
aroused provoked
fled escaped
legislation law
stable steady
limitations constraints
programmes programs
mommy mom
main principal
nominee candidate
reverting returning
reverting return
examine examining
splitting dividing
relied depended
demanding exacting
unfounded unwarranted
abolition elimination
photograph photo
calming calm
transitory transient
collaborative collaboration
distinction differentiation
mallorca majorca
absolved exonerated
interfered impede
interfered impeded
obstructing hindering
willfully intentionally
uninterrupted continuous
willful wilful
contract contracting
contracts contracting
hypotheses assumptions
kidnapped kidnap
manufacture manufactured
viewed opinion
views opinion
objective goal
ambitions aspirations
visualized viewed
travelling traveling
defrosting defrost
reason caused
animus animosity
reminds remind
battles fights
battles fight
programme programs
programmes program
programme program
programmes programs
underline underlined
fruitful productive
fisherman fisher
fishermen fisher
fishermen fishers
fisherman fishers
resume restart
particulates particles
attempted endeavour
utilized utilize
fascinating riveting
simplify simplifies
reversals reverses
constantly permanently
committing perpetrating
resolve solve
retaining retain
sending dispatching
responding replying
headphones earphones
tolerate condoned
tolerated condoned
slander libel
delegate delegated
goals objectives
southeast southeastern
demonstrations protests
reformers reformists
triumph victory
sufficient adequate
sincerely earnestly
revenge retaliation
centigrade celsius
maladies diseases
indisputable undisputed
limited constrain
masters master
fighting combats
maximal maximum
suppressing suppress
reminded remind
unwelcome unwanted
borrowing lending
lessen reduce
lessen reduced
lessen reducing
experienced enjoyed
abridged abbreviated
untiring indefatigable
folding fold
watt watts
priority priorities
timetables timeframe
disappointed frustrated
detectors sensors
showed displays
showed displayed
show displayed
disbanding dissolution
facilitating facilitate
pamphlets booklets
diseases illnesses
tyres tires
automobiles motors
objectives targets
objective targets
guidance directions
emphasised underlined
widened increased
combats fighting
assignment assignments
furthest farthest
bypassed circumvented
alien extraterrestrial
enhance enhancing
acknowledges recognizes
utilized used
moult molt
disturbances disorders
condemns denounces
plain plains
betrayal treason
booklet pamphlet
loneliness solitude
spending expenditure
millimetre millimeter
residuals residues
clever intelligent
ok okay
certification certificate
researchers investigators
rotated rotate
infringed violated
aroused sparked
kurds kurd
connecting connect
faster quicker
annoy irritate
converged converge
demolished razed
speed accelerating
speeding accelerating
assessed assessments
injustice unfairness
entrepreneurial enterprising
checking checks
checking check
assassinated murdered
editing edit
manual handbook
disastrous calamitous
nutrient nutritious
detecting identifying
constraints limitations
moneys monies
incessantly continuously
mobilizing mobilize
sacred consecrated
analysing analyzing
sanctuary refuge
abbreviated abridged
intensify intensified
stock stocks
immersed submerged
reformists reformers
extended lengthened
safeguards protections
dubious doubtful
traumatised traumatized
phds doctorates
resist withstand
heightened increase
heightened increasing
heightened increased
boat vessel
police policing
happened transpired
doctorate phd
polluted contaminated
uncovered revealed
toilets restrooms
soya soy
delegated delegate
decrees ordinances
cohesion coherence
calamities catastrophes
repugnant disgusting
wages wage
install installs
millimeter millimetre
areas spheres
area spheres
dispatch sent
dispatch send
breaches violations
characteristics peculiarities
foreseen envisaged
affiliated affiliate
eggs egg
satisfactory satisfying
comradeship camaraderie
condemnation conviction
replace replacing
rameses ramses
pamphlets booklets
depended relied
convert converted
interview interviewing
select selecting
incessantly constantly
efficient effective
selected picked
russkies ruskies
exceeds surpasses
eroded undermined
wanting wanna
removable detachable
practically virtually
astonishment surprise
dramatically sharply
curative therapeutic
rejections refusals
increasing widening
increase widening
increased widening
infected contaminated
cancelled abolished
canceled abolished
deposed ousted
photocopied photocopy
scepticism sceptical
aroused provoked
increased gain
increased gained
earnings incomes
transformation conversion
capitulated surrendered
useful helpful
upgrading upgrade
upgrading upgrades
residues residuals
withstand resist
definite definitive
ignites sparks
dangers risks
damp humid
everybody everyone
threatening threatens
ramses rameses
rushing hurrying
manufacturer producer
relied depended
unsubstantiated unsupported
menacing threatening
grandfather grandpa
stricken afflicted
implications repercussions
hardships adversities
hardship adversities
unattended unsupervised
judicial legal
receipts revenues
centenary centennial
exonerated absolved
drown drowning
everyone everybody
accompanying accompany
restricting confining
inconsistency incompatibility
abdullah abdallah
tremendously extremely
kidnaped abducted
kidnapped abducted
worked collaborated
worked collaborate
regrettably regretfully
visualized viewed
teachers educators
rejects dismisses
rejects dismiss
archaeological archeological
roasted toasted
obstinately doggedly
abandoned renounced
excessively unduly
capabilities capacity
investigators researchers
unlatched unlocked
commissars commissioners
exemplified illustrated
negotiating bargaining
long longer
irritated annoyed
colleges universities
attempted endeavour
refusals rejections
picked chosen
picked choose
meetings meeting
supplemented supplement
combating countering
capabilities capacity
capability capacities
capabilities capacities
capability capacity
kilometres km
list listing
actual reales
stances positions
repercussions consequences
expanding broadening
jog jogging
perpetrate committed
theresa teresa
andalucia andalusia
dangers hazards
danger hazards
celsius centigrade
scan scanned
installment instalment
frightening alarming
energetically forcefully
constraints restraints
searching searches
hypothesis assumption
searching search
aboard onboard
retrofitted modernized
encouraging heartening
reliable trustworthy
consequent resultant
unswerving unshakeable
importance significance
incarcerated jailed
enlightened informed
constrained hampered
armaments arms
statistics statistical
doable achievable
abridged abbreviated
hampered constrained
chance opportunity
licensed license
chance opportunities
supposedly presumably
acceptable tolerable
unsanitary unhygienic
faithfully loyally
troubling unsettling
impeccable flawless
aspirations ambitions
revitalization revival
severity gravity
revenues incomes
comptroller controller
inserting insert
displays showed
displayed showed
displayed show
concentrates focuses
analyses analyse
testimonies testimonials
abandoning relinquishing
paratroops paratroopers
compulsory mandatory
released liberated
condoned tolerate
condoned tolerated
pretexts pretenses
renewing refurbishing
hotline helpline
horrific appalling
draining drain
bypassed circumvented
interaction interplay
circulate distribute
text texts
fight fighting
fights fighting
representing represent
tires tyres
hospitalized hospitalised
timeframe timetables
demonstrating demonstrate
repugnant repulsive
hypotheses suppositions
trucks lorries
weigh weighing
booklet brochure
efficient effective
allegiance loyalty
charming enchanting
repulsion revulsion
disguises conceals
particular specific
detained imprisoned
southwestern southwest
cookie cookies
rejected reject
supervised supervise
stimulated spurred
communicates imparts
unrest turmoil
conceals disguises
risk danger
amounted summed
prevents inhibits
inaction inactivity
celsius centigrade
amazing incredible
salaries wages
outraged indignant
craftsmen artisans
assassinated murdered
discipline disciplined
lukewarm tepid
headers headings
mistreated maltreated
inhibits hampers
inhibits hamper
broadened increased
linked related
carefully attentively
televisions tv
television tvs
television tv
televisions tvs
halt halting
abattoir slaughterhouse
unreachable inaccessible
dividing splitting
pertinent relevant
used use
unquestionable incontestable
inmates detainees
accusations charges
gratitude appreciation
brochure leaflet
infuriated enraged
gravity seriousness
envisaged foreseen
modernized retrofitted
missiles projectiles
analysing analyse
omnipresent pervasive
happened transpired
rules regulations
futile pointless
uncovered revealed
coloring color
create creating
kilogram kg
organization organisation
demonstrate demonstrating
withdrawal withdraw
annoying irritating
opens opening
open opening
rebecca rebeca
enlarged expanded
unsafe dangerous
strongly vigorously
confirm confirms
timelines timetables
executing implementing
wicked evil
renaissance rebirth
tiniest smallest
enable enabled
refuses rejects
unwavering unflinching
genuine authentic
artisans craftsmen
modified altered
eroded undermined
enhancing enhance
industrialists manufacturers
clandestine secret
remembrances recollections
delete deleting
delete eliminate
brochure booklet
determine determining
electrical electric
main principals
detect detection
oversees supervises
parties party
refunded refund
courteous gracious
punish punishing
distribute circulate
cascade cascading
timetables timelines
attracting attract
weddings marriages
revoked canceled
revoked cancelled
character nature
enjoyed experienced
stricken affected
indispensable vital
courts tribunals
courts tribunal
sells selling
sell selling
universities colleges
restrict curtail
marriage wedding
rise surges
rises surges
mobilisation mobilization
bewilderment perplexity
calibrating calibration
muhammad mohammad
teenaged teenage
pancreas pancreatic
perturbed disturbed
reviewed review
peaceable peaceful
kidnapping abducted
kidnapped abducted
recollections remembrances
integration integrating
perspective viewpoint
advance advances
abandoned renounced
simplifies simplify
obstacles impediments
smoked smoke
celebrate celebrating
aggressively vigorously
tries attempts
restricting hampering
ovary ovarian
identifying identification
underlined highlighted
obstacles obstructions
consequent subsequent
virgins virgin
thank thanks
revival revitalization
orbiting orbital
transient transitional
picked selected
influence impact
tailored adapted
tailored adapting
ongoing continuous
enrich enriched
pretenses pretexts
photo photography
tremendously extraordinarily
uses utilizes
trend tendency
noteworthy remarkable
escape flee
yugoslavian yugoslav
marriages weddings
varied different
mamma mama
deferred delayed
continue continuing
huge massive
restraints constraints
finance financing
impede interfered
impeded interfered
photocopies photocopying
rejects refuses
photocopy photocopying
inaccessible unreachable
hazards dangers
hazards danger
proletarian proletariat
cogent persuasive
warnings alerts
assessment judgments
assessments judgments
gracious courteous
battle struggle
pasted paste
counterfeit fake
indictments accusations
remarkably strikingly
crocodiles alligators
irrespective regardless
headings headers
commitment dedication
binding bind
adversities hardships
adversities hardship
faded dissipated
affected stricken
enraged infuriated
reminding remind
treason betrayal
devastation desolation
expressly specifically
expression expressions
famous notorious
dismisses rejects
dismiss rejects
celebrating celebrate
discouraging disheartening
sincerely heartily
unexplored uncharted
dear dearest
released liberated
excellent magnificent
courageous bold
false fake
centennial centenary
someone somebody
emphasized underlined
features characteristics
significantly drastically
frailties vulnerabilities
gain increased
gained increased
precepts principles
abducts kidnaps
abducted kidnapping
speech speeches
vital indispensable
varied diversified
alterations change
alterations changes
effective efficient
arms armaments
keystone cornerstone
alligators crocodiles
specially particularly
thriving prospering
illnesses diseases
complementary complimentary
earphones headphones
macau macao
twist twisting
instances cases
instances case
dissatisfied discontented
hurrying rushing
opinion viewed
opinion views
resisting withstanding
landowner landlord
owner proprietor
rescinded annulled
trait characteristic
trait characteristics
precise exact
sanctity sacredness
exasperating infuriating
identifies identify
funerals burials
thanks thank
unbounded unlimited
wealthy affluent
discontinue terminate
illegal illegitimate
submerged immersed
overpopulation overcrowding
capacity capabilities
capacities capability
capacities capabilities
capacity capability
evaluations assessments
illnesses ailments
rebuild rebuilding
nominees candidates
impeded stymied
penchant propensity
slaughter slaughtering
converging converge
obstructions obstacles
eradicated eradicate
means methods
string strings
unknown unidentified
bleak gloomy
keys key
prisoners inmates
accumulated amassed
infuriated enraged
perpetrate commit
harsher harder
supporting supportive
decisions decision
someone somebody
expanded widen
expand widen
dreams dreaming
dream dreaming
notorious famous
mohammad muhammad
smugglers traffickers
features characteristics
appraisals assessments
mohammad mohamed
target targeting
safeguarding safeguards
safeguarding safeguard
treaties treaty
restarting rebooting
focussed concentrated
police policing
polices policing
harming harm
increased augmented
invest investing
increased grown
increase grown
wrongful unlawful
drastically substantially
anyway anyhow
restrict restrain
complete finishes
completes finishes
removal elimination
easy easier
required requisite
booklets leaflets
advice guidance
objectives objective
overlapping overlap
leaflet brochure
confirms confirm
jihadi jihadist
innate inborn
bind binding
choosing selecting
alerts warnings
circumvented bypassed
hardest toughest
innumerable myriad
regardless irrespective
dual double
threading thread
increase broadening
increasing broadening
increased broadening
attend attending
melt melting
jeopardy danger
decoration ornamentation
molt moult
illnesses disorders
wrongfully erroneously
regulations rules
tracking track
summarized summarize
imaginative creative
exercise exercising
limits restricts
exciting thrilling
fate destiny
incredible amazing
folders folder
razed demolished
horrifying horrendous
abducted kidnaped
abducted kidnapped
assassinated killed
rebooting restarting
decrees orders
family familial
somebody someone
hike hiking
concentrating focusing
securing secure
indefensible unjustifiable
elaborated elaborate
indefatigable untiring
unwavering unflinching
misuse abuses
misuse abuse
spurred stimulated
organizations agencies
gorgeous beautiful
responsabilities responsibilities
sufficient enough
hampers inhibits
hamper inhibits
combined merged
burdening burden
kidnap kidnapped
imprisoned detained
pacify appease
blind blinded
properly duly
richest wealthy
rich wealthy
checks cheques
promote promoting
rearing breeding
suppresses stifles
appointing appointment
child kids
candidates nominees
greeks greece
cascades cascade
redistribute redeploy
onboard aboard
incomes revenues
famous renowned
banning prohibiting
counselling advice
fisher fisherman
fisher fishermen
fishers fishermen
fishers fisherman
commencement started
commencement starting
rail rails
provision provisions
abolished cancelled
abolished canceled
refused refuse
variables variable
transplanted transplant
plaintiff complainant
maltreatment abuse
flooded deluged
positive affirmative
deferred delayed
created engendered
mounting mount
supervises oversees
reducing lessened
reduce lessened
reduced lessened
melting melt
incessant constant
confine restrict
unresolved unsettled
appalling dreadful
bold courageous
notebook laptop
filthy dirty
interlaced intertwined
compelled obliged
closes close
goggles eyeglasses
astounded astonished
detainees inmates
blinded blind
insinuating suggesting
shopping shop
host hosted
probes investigates
suffocate smother
repeating repeat
faking counterfeiting
require requires
astonished astounded
lessens reducing
lessens reduced
lessens reduces
escaping fleeing
sanitized cleaned
endorsed countersigned
turn turning
choose opted
chosen opted
enraged infuriated
banned forbidden
banning forbidden
ban forbidden
raise raising
breathes inhales
someone somebody
disorders illnesses
avenge revenge
deposed ousted
deferring postponing
usable serviceable
involve involving
soars rises
soars rose
soars rise
impacts influences
impacts influence
rigorously scrupulously
applicants applicant
horrendous dreadful
stubbornly persistently
ok okay
tolerated condoned
assessments evaluations
accusations indictments
biological biologic
misunderstanding misapprehension
committed perpetrated
commited perpetrated
prospering thriving
paratroopers parachutists
toppled deposed
specifically explicitly
surpass exceed
restart reboot
decay disintegration
contaminated infected
operate operating
cargo freight
rescinded annulled
rescinded annul
extraordinarily immensely
frenetic frenzied
forfeited confiscated
articles clauses
hazard danger
lowering reduction
cracks cracking
eradication eradicating
accommodations dwellings
several various
boldness audacity
selected select
nursing nurse
objectives objective
lengthy protracted
berkley berkeley
blocked obstructed
usage use
car automobile
futile useless
creating create
safeguarding protecting
sparked ignited
collapsed crumbled
enmity antagonism
wage wages
staggering astounding
mamma mama
shoes shoe
gains earnings
removing remove
removing removes
organize organizing
warehouse storehouse
replacing replace
risen soared
remedied resolved
renounced abandoned
fatal mortal
outcome results
protests demonstrations
increase augmented
increasing augmented
increased augmented
increased grew
increasing grew
increase grew
ensure ensures
schemes systems
mum mamas
impetus impulse
afflicted stricken
finish finished
forecasts forecasting
forecast forecasting
judgments assessment
judgments assessments
unknowingly unconsciously
intertwined interlaced
begins commences
postponing deferring
irritating annoying
memorials monuments
incredibly immensely
soy soya
reinforced reinforce
hessen hesse
circumvented bypassed
traffickers smugglers
duties obligations
vessels ships
amending modifying
copy copies
tyres tires
chiefly predominantly
expeditious quick
indignant outraged
neighbouring neighboring
burials funerals
falling decreasing
inexpensively cheaply
promotes promote
risks dangers
risk dangers
entirely wholly
unrealistic unreal
inmates prisoners
sparking arousing
withstanding resisting
annulled rescinded
underlined emphasized
revert reverting
attempts tries
terrible awful
combine combined
wilful willful
service servicing
reportedly purportedly
relinquishing abandoning
hack hacking
supervise oversee
eradicate eradication
summed amounted
letterbox mailbox
abducted kidnapping
abducted kidnapped
assassinated killed
adapt adapting
organizing organize
cascade cascades
choose select
breached violated
adjustments adaptations
combined merged
inducement incentive
unfortunately regretfully
expenditure spending
killing assassinating
simplify simplified
prescribed prescribe
solve resolve
browse browsing
seabed seafloor
excellent splendid
mw megawatts
inflated exaggerated
righteous virtuous
hygienic sanitary
selling sells
selling sell
reform reforming
lupine lupin
neighbouring adjoining
reasons grounds
sliding slide
promote promoting
concentrated focussed
ancestors forefathers
guardianship tutelage
abolished cancelled
abolished canceled
hairdo hairstyle
commitments obligations
quick fast
chosen picked
choose picked
adviser consultant
plundered pillaged
informing enlightening
changeover transition
roadways causeways
existent existing
created engendered
influence impact
reduced lessened
greece greeks
amalgamated combined
rise climbed
rising climbed
rose climbed
tube tubing
catalogue catalog
methods modes
aware conscious
okay ok
wonderful fantastic
wrong erroneous
ardently fervently
salary wage
safeguards safeguarding
safeguard safeguarding
results findings
indispensable crucial
listings lists
listings list
listing lists
listing list
lending borrowing
decline declining
restroom toilet
recurrent recurring
contraband smuggled
hiked rose
hiked rise
hiked rising
obvious apparent
reverberations repercussions
misinterpretation misunderstanding
chose opted
chosen opted
confining restricting
winning wins
winning win
sidewalk pavement
banned forbade
banned forbid
liabilities responsibilities
huge large
share sharing
restrooms toilets
unswerving unfailing
leaflets booklets
spawning spawn
substantially dramatically
mandate mandates
frightful frightening
tribunals courts
behavioral behavioural
endeavour attempted
unparalleled unequalled
collection collecting
inhibiting impeding
primarily mainly
minimized minimize
supervising overseeing
cookies cookie
emir amir
merged combined
monitor supervise
monitoring supervise
sensitivity susceptibility
disabled disable
influences impacts
influence impacts
photo photograph
principals main
entertain entertaining
difference divergence
implications repercussions
oddly curiously
decision decisions
accelerator throttle
estimate estimation
stalls stall
careful cautious
counterfeiting forgery
mandatory compulsory
modes methods
rapidly promptly
logging log
logging logs
adequately duly
child kids
footwear shoe
archival archive
integrated integrate
occupations professions
pitching pitch
home house
proclivity propensity
booklet pamphlet
amuse entertain
identifier id
seat seating
purpose aim
colder cold
advances advance
settle resolve
settle resolving
grown increased
grown increase
determining determine
terrible horrendous
paid salaried
essential important
earnings gains
abuses misuse
abuse misuse
crucial indispensable
regarding concerning
kilometers km
obliged compelled
tighter stricter
indeterminate undetermined
underestimate underrate
collapsed crumbled
someone somebody
shocking appalling
vendor supplier
vitally crucially
unsuited unsuitable
dangers hazards
obligations duties
projectiles missiles
connections connectors
discord disagreement
unfavourable adverse
centre center
centred centered
centre centered
selects select
pavement sidewalk
varying different
renounced abandoned
specifies specify
applicant applicants
movies films
violated breached
allocated earmarked
resolutely decisively
monuments memorials
downgraded demoted
smuggling trafficking
collaborated cooperated
collaborating cooperate
collaborated cooperate
collaborate cooperated
collaborate cooperate
teenagers teens
adapted readjusted
detached separated
reproduces reproduced
obligatory compulsory
resolve resolving
blurry blurred
tangiers tangier
sensibly intelligently
stresses underline
stresses underlines
stressing underlines
stress underlines
asymmetrical asymmetric
salespeople seller
salesperson seller
crabs crab
revenues incomes
overloaded overburdened
allowance allowances
testimonies testimonials
capitulation surrender
pamphlet booklet
diversified varied
fly flies
guidance advice
isolates isolate
megawatts mw
resuming resume
valiant brave
unequaled unparalleled
fundamentally radically
fold folding
accustomed habituated
penitentiary prison
keyboard keypad
etching engraving
speeches speech
leasing leases
leasing lease
antarctic antarctica
notable significant
constrained limited
annulled rescinded
annul rescinded
deposed toppled
mama mamma
somebody someone
pertinent relevant
exit exiting
hampering obstructing
close shuts
closes shuts
closing shuts
seriously gravely
upgrades upgrade
unneeded unnecessary
majorca mallorca
rebel insurgent
transmitters emitters
antiquated obsolete
uniformed uniform
applicants applicant
terrific great
prerogatives privileges
important importance
serenity tranquillity
negotiate negotiating
commitments obligations
commitment obligations
financed funded
important major
dissatisfied discontented
breaches violated
breached violated
expel deport
closely intimately
accounting accountancy
grandma granny
reluctantly unwillingly
possible feasible
hampering restricting
decreasing decreased
guilt culpability
ferociously fiercely
mechanisms arrangements
abolishing abolish
specifically expressly
damages damage
headers headings
headers heading
returns restoration
deployments deployment
inspected reviewed
inspected review
profile profiles
tirelessly ceaselessly
glad happy
exceptional outstanding
flattering complimentary
steamship steamer
recipients receivers
prohibit ban
exceedingly incredibly
receivers recipients
develop develops
institutions establishments
inbound incoming
equivocal ambiguous
accelerating speed
accelerating speeding
ships vessels
refuge sanctuary
piasters piastres
expelled deported
seasoned experienced
catalogues catalog
catalogues catalogs
catalogue catalog
catalogue catalogs
dmitry dmitri
films movies
mohammad muhammad
position stance
converting conversion
restructuring restructure
destined designed
checking checks
checking check
accuse accuses
calm calming
famed renowned
parachutists paratroopers
upgrade upgrades
surges rise
surges rises
finishes complete
finishes completes
testimonials testimonies
amalgamated combined
allows enables
packing pack
duplicate duplicating
somebody someone
revealing uncovering
fantastic wonderful
results outcome
postponement adjournment
appointing appointment
defrost defrosting
adaptations adjustments
obtain gain
decrease decline
surpasses exceeds
detonation explosion
switchover switching
elimination abolition
detected detects
adaptive adaptable
forbidden prohibited
confused disoriented
astounding staggering
entertainers artists
rectifying correcting
threats hazards
shiites shia
shiite shia
guys boy
guys boys
competitor competitors
roomy spacious
promote promotes
unrelenting relentless
expiration expiry
talks negotiations
diskette floppy
endeavour attempted
select choose
condoned tolerated
humiliated humiliate
digging excavated
dissipated faded
weddings marriages
forger counterfeiter
merged combined
repeal repealed
reporting report
reproduced reproduces
abducted kidnapped
conviction condemnation
lighting illumination
unsolicited unwanted
stifles suppresses
dispatching sending
fallacious specious
characteristics features
close nearing
closing nearing
rise surges
rises surges
daemons demons
edit editing
testes testicles
reinforce reinforced
channel canals
endless infinite
tangier tangiers
perform performing
advance advanced
opportunity chances
advances advanced
opportunities chances
rising rise
immeasurably immensely
burnt incinerated
burned incinerated
topics subjects
vehemently strongly
promoting promote
obstructing hampering
aunt auntie
refrigerated cooled
reminds remind
important vital
grew increased
grew increasing
grew increase
globally worldwide
observations findings
allay assuage
suppositions hypotheses
allowances allowance
astronaut cosmonaut
send sent
separating detaching
unusually abnormally
decreasing falling
mediator intermediary
confiscated forfeited
impeding inhibiting
fervently ardently
dealing deal
pillaged plundered
broader wide
broad wide
uses utilizes
broader wider
broad wider
anesthesia anaesthesia
correct rectify
corrects rectify
strongly firmly
bans prohibits
hijacked kidnapped
hijacked kidnaped
nurseries kindergartens
marriages weddings
applicant applicants
establishments institutions
voter voters
displaying showcasing
involving involve
viewed opinions
views opinions
mandatory compulsory
proposing propose
obligations commitments
obligations commitment
divinity deity
honorable honourable
girl girls
adjournment deferment
compulsory mandatory
violated breaches
violated breached
allocated earmarked
hazards dangers
refurbishing renewing
mom mommy
width breadth
recreational recreation
vote voting
votes voting
adapted readjusted
anybody somebody
segregated separated
diplomas credentials
retrieve recover
creative imaginative
evaluation assessment
evaluations assessment
evaluation assessments
evaluations assessments
divide split
reduce reducing
noticeably substantially
imparts communicates
recommending recommend
talks conversations
headings headers
grandpa granddad
heading headers
talked chat
talked chatted
professions occupations
injurious harmful
rental renting
undermining eroding
proper appropriate
used utilized
match matching
matches matching
consolidating consolidation
somebody someone
unconsciously unknowingly
dares daring
proposals proposal
promote promotes
sympathy compassion
arrangements mechanisms
traumatized traumatised
boy guys
boys guys
unjustly wrongly
regarding concerning
features characteristics
massive huge
constrain limited
requesting request
provoking arousing
thread threading
authorize authorise
unbridled unfettered
litre liter
appropriate proper
incomprehension misunderstanding
huge immense
tumor tumours
tumor tumour
headway progress
overcrowding overpopulation
abolish eliminating
abolish eliminate
abolishing eliminate
motto slogan
burns burn
review examination
inhibits prevents
decreased decreasing
specify specifies
kidnapped hijacked
kidnaped hijacked
measurements measurement
review inspecting
reviewing inspecting
obstacles impediments
peculiarities characteristics
exceeded surpassed
exceed surpassed
repercussions reverberations
kids child
nominees candidates
gravely deeply
isolate isolates
problems troubles
climax culmination
additional extra
facilitating facilitate
toughest hardest
inspected reviewed
aspects facets
upgrade upgrading
upgrades upgrading
truck lorry
inhabited populated
mucous mucosa
raising raise
submitted communicated
submitted communicate
replacing replace
schoolwork homework
demons daemons
probable likely
ignited sparked
dwellings accommodations
fleeing escaping
toilets lavatories
cautious circumspect
expelled deported
recover retrieve
escalates escalate
singly individually
selecting choosing
rest resting
creditable commendable
populated inhabited
amassed accumulated
supplier vendor
doctors physicians
accuses accuse
consequences implications
arguments controversies
verifying verify
nearing close
nearing closing
opted choose
opted chosen
illegal unlawful
interfering impeding
adjusting adjust
mamas mum
mount mounting
debate debated
amalgamation merger
dissimilar different
communicating communicate
encyclopaedia encyclopedia
rejected dismissed
salty salted
confused disoriented
commentary commentaries
reject rejected
ok okay
reset restart
kindergartens nurseries
aggravation deterioration
inner internal
hijacking hijack
strides steps
computerized computerised
consecrated sacred
community communities
clarifying clarify
armoured armored
mama mamma
gay homosexuals
gays homosexuals
deported expelled
horrific dreadful
obligations commitments
mixtures mixing
rejected rebuffed
couch sofa
youth youths
iranian iranians
fastest quickest
forbidden banned
forbidden banning
forbidden ban
landscape landscaping
anaesthesia anesthesia
apprised informed
submitted communicated
used use
educate educating
predicted prophesied
calamity catastrophe
ammo ammunition
terrible horrific
prosperous flourishing
decrees orders
decree orders
inhales breathes
lengthened extended
inexistent nonexistent
insufficient deficient
redirecting redirect
quiet silent
intolerable insupportable
dalmatia dalmatian
wins winning
win winning
replace replacing
degeneracy degeneration
priorities priority
muhammad mohammed
hideous horrendous
photocopying photocopies
photocopying photocopy
forthcoming upcoming
owners proprietor
owners proprietors
underprivileged disadvantaged
cancelling revoking
canceling revoking
tiers level
tiers levels
habituated accustomed
accounting accounts
accounting account
speedy expeditious
exploring explore
prisons jails
fax faxed
zealot fanatic
rigidity stiffness
confrontation standoff
activating activation
everybody everyone
regulating regulate
torturing torture
coordinating coordination
hinder obstruct
encrypt encrypted
formula formulae
suggest suggests
equally similarly
hijacked kidnapping
hijacked kidnapped
reboot rebooting
disc disk
counterfeiting faking
repercussions implications
messaging message
chat talked
chatted talked
stymied impeded
outages blackouts
analog analogue
sealer sealant
auntie aunt
dishonor dishonour
stopping halting
messengers couriers
encrypted encrypt
highlighting underlined
described outlined
sent dispatch
send dispatch
disguised concealed
celebrate celebrating
opportunities chances
bewildering disconcerting
vessel boat
streamlining streamline
bias partiality
appalling horrendous
okay ok
suicidal suicide
drain draining
communicated imparted
thriving booming
organisation organization
widening broadening
concealed disguised
arousing sparking
problematic difficult
italians italian
barbaric barbarian
prevented inhibited
frenzied frenetic
list listed
information info
moult molt
rom roma
falsification counterfeiting
saleable marketable
despite notwithstanding
inhibited hampered
plains plain
supports supporting
naked nude
support supporting
photocopy photocopied
authorise authorize
surprised astonished
extraordinarily inordinately
traumatized traumatised
landscape scenery
decreased decrease
humid damp
perform performing
wash washing
fooled deceived
hurricanes tornadoes
congratulations congrats
appointing appoint
contaminated tainted
entrenched ingrained
remind reminded
moderator facilitator
appreciation gratitude
combines merges
calumny slander
relevance relevancy
cleaning cleanup
strata stratum
ripening maturation
house home
liability responsibility
liability responsibilities
mixing mixtures
helicopter copter
additionally moreover
duty obligations
duties obligations
adjustments adaptations
adjustment adaptations
obstacles obstructions
celebrating celebrate
obstructions obstacles
km kilometer
kidnapping hijacked
kidnapped hijacked
monitor supervise
treachery betrayal
pointless futile
mimic imitate
depending relying
resolve solve
resolves solve
tainted contaminated
handled manipulated
yasin yassin
exceed surpassed
exceeded surpassed
exceeding surpassed
bony bone
clauses articles
despatch dispatch
abdallah abdullah
restart reset
joyous joyful
merger amalgamation
awareness consciousness
hazards threats
base basis
drawbacks shortcomings
continuation continuance
smells odours
cancelling abolishing
canceling abolishing
revulsion repulsion
designate designated
arousing provoking
maintaining preserving
tepid lukewarm
eyeglasses goggles
merges combines
mayans mayas
elimination removal
scoured searched
magistrates judges
presume suppose
physicians doctors
request requesting
attending attend
relying depending
unflinching unswerving
raise raising
armistice truce
quickest fastest
corrected remedied
steps step
opted chose
opted chosen
february feb
chances opportunity
chances opportunities
evacuate evacuating
revive resuscitate
tribunals courts
tribunal courts
curve curved
rejected dismissed
rejects dismissed
upheaval turmoil
transient transitory
items item
limited minimized
downloading uploading
statistics statistical
memorials monuments
visualizing view
visualizing viewing
sends send
shop shopping
tried attempts
tried attempt
tried attempted
causeways roadways
communicate communicating
collaboration collaborative
harvest harvesting
damage damages
suggests suggest
credible believable
suppress suppressing
acceptable permissible
incessantly ceaselessly
demoted downgraded
liabilities obligations
insert inserting
deported expelled
kidnapped abducted
elevation altitude
support contributions
supports contributions
rejected rebuffed
id identifier
numerous many
gathered gleaned
marketable saleable
differences deviations
girls girl
forbade banned
forbid banned
horrifying terrible
perpetrating committing
kids child
resettle relocate
specimens samples
search searched
dangers risks
dangers risk
paying pays
paying pay
insupportable intolerable
enslavement slavery
optimistic upbeat
designation appellation
operating functioning
truce armistice
user users
reappearance recurrence
mindless senseless
restroom bathroom
explode detonate
vehicles vehicle
indigenous native
ekg ecg
abducted kidnapped
reinforcement strengthening
trams tramway
tram tramway
folder folders
stupider dumber
discontented dissatisfied
considerable sizeable
vehicle vehicles
experiencing enjoying
experience enjoying
disseminate disseminated
redirect redirecting
select selects
daring dares
lifts elevators
summons subpoenas
summonses subpoenas
companies enterprise
companies enterprises
penalties punishments
mankind humankind
dismissed rejected
civilisations civilization
civilisations civilizations
civilisation civilization
civilisation civilizations
reasons grounds
russell russel
sharing share
pragmatic practical
blackouts outages
logistics logistical
complimentary flattering
lubricant lubricating
conclusions findings
ludicrous laughable
jails prisons
disconcerting bewildering
person persons
widening increasing
widening increase
widening increased
refurbishing refurbishment
relaxed loosened
altitude elevation
humor humour
certainly unquestionably
precautionary preventative
muhammed mohammed
decapitated beheaded
advisors counsellors
bribery corruption
including include
extremes extremities
yousef youssef
competitors competitor
advantages privileges
connectors connections
merge merging
various several
communicated submitted
communicate submitted
slogan motto
adapt adapting
cleverly intelligently
behead decapitate
searching browsing
forceful powerful
crumbled collapsed
communicated imparted
prevented inhibited
summarize summarized
sent send
braking brakes
undervalued underrated
perfumes fragrances
demolishing razing
approx approximately
confused disorientated
steeply sharply
regulations stipulations
dinner supper
doctoral doctorate
detect identify
hatching hatch
inhibited hamper
misunderstanding misinterpretation
accelerates quickens
regulate regulating
vessels ships
legitimate lawful
emitters transmitters
double doubles
obligations duty
obligations duties
restart reset
spawn spawning
pictures photographs
veered swerved
compelling cogent
raiding raid
parrot parakeet
overburdened overloaded
retaliation revenge
everyone everybody
rise climbs
rises climbs
rose climbs
mucosa mucous
voyage trip
solves resolves
revoke cancelled
revoke cancel
guarantee guaranteed
guarantees guaranteed
uncovering revealing
couriers messengers
characteristics features
governments government
trustworthy credible
pretexts pretences
constrained restricted
characteristics characteristic
somebody anybody
deluged flooded
basis bases
cataloguing catalogue
marvelously wonderfully
receipts receipt
reduced reduce
curing cure
electric electrical
includes encompasses
cheques checks
completed finished
prophylactic preventive
bases basis
measurement measurements
corroborated substantiated
ailments illnesses
transitioning transition
engraving etching
ceaseless incessant
reduce reducing
beheaded decapitated
malformed deformed
manage managed
shuts close
shuts closes
shuts closing
neighboring neighbor
stunning astonishing
replaced replace
select picking
selecting picking
salaried paid
eroding undermining
comprehend understand
slaughterhouse abattoir
instructors trainers
gigantic huge
nominated appointed
guiding guide
noxious poisonous
incessantly continually
implications consequences
method methods
communicating liaising
fights combats
fight combats
communicated submitted
fated destiny
reaffirm reconfirm
modernized modernize
impediments obstacles
avoidable preventable
math mathematics
correcting correct
adaptations adjustments
adaptations adjustment
merging merge
packages packets
reset restart
celebrations festivities
choosing selecting
nearer nearest
resolutely strongly
highlight highlighting
toilets latrines
monuments memorials
examination review
baffled perplexed
unqualified unconditional
ugandan uganda
stall stalls
signatories signers
mandated mandate
fragrances perfumes
evaluation appraisal
willfully deliberately
aliens strangers
nonexistent inexistent
spheres areas
spheres area
hampered inhibited
unmatched unprecedented
kidnapping abducted
kidnapping abducting
levels tiers
sulfate sulphate
purposes goals
purpose goals
unfailing unswerving
results outcomes
outstanding exceptional
tried attempted
familial family
abandoning renounced
abandoning renouncing
pastors preachers
denies negates
organization organisation
booming thriving
swerved veered
agricultural agrarian
apartments flats
suppressed stifled
motorway freeway
chances opportunities
pertinent relevant
send sends
behaviours behavior
behaviour behaviors
unregistered unrecorded
behaviours behaviors
behaviour behavior
basel basle
appointed nominated
betrayal treachery
effective efficient
while whilst
etching etch
untreatable incurable
opportunities opportunity
share shared
crossing cross
bookmakers bookies
broaden expand
use used
breeding breed
removes eliminates
adage proverb
repeat repeating
reproduced reproduce
disillusioned disenchanted
inadvertent unintentional
contiguous adjacent
mohamed mohammad
smoke smoked
unparalleled unequalled
haemorrhoids hemorrhoids
impeding interfering
dreadful horrific
pretty quite
odd weird
ullmann ullman
unparalleled unmatched
amazingly incredibly
statistics statistical
enlightening informing
launching initiating
trams streetcars
available accessible
damaged damaging
lessened reducing
lessened reduce
lessened reduced
parakeet parrot
beijing peking
outlined described
widen expand
normal ordinary
massacre carnage
dissension disagreement
delayed delay
delayed delays
kgs kilograms
kg kilograms
attacker assailant
interminable unending
coupled paired
dismissed rejected
dismissed rejects
managed manage
punishments penalties
involvement participation
soared risen
breed breeding
canals channel
wrongly unjustly
surprising startling
first firstly
consuming consumption
foolish silly
functioning operating
complementary complimentary
alarming frightening
protracted prolonged
surges rise
surges rises
subordinate subservient
checks checking
check checking
testimonials testimonies
switches switching
switch switching
liberated released
dried dehydrated
personnel employees
naturally obviously
crumbled collapsed
measures steps
detaining imprisoning
steps strides
integrates incorporates
intermediary mediator
speeds velocities
select selected
assumption hypothesis
armory armoury
causative causal
celestial heavenly
virgin virgins
trap trapping
destiny fate
balancing balance
humiliate humiliating
connect connecting
broadening increase
broadening increasing
broadening increased
stratum strata
flooding floods
flooding flood
goals purposes
signers signatories
goals purpose
troubles problems
doctoral phd
collaborated worked
collaborate worked
hereafter hereinafter
kidnapping abduct
kidnap abducted
kidnap abduct
emergent emerging
openly overtly
anyhow anyway
select selecting
withdrawal withdraw
ably skilfully
splendid wonderful
respecting respect
gloomy bleak
acknowledging recognizing
characteristics features
rents lease
rents leases
alison allison
carnivore carnivorous
domains spheres
operation operating
prison penitentiary
educators teachers
serious grave
serious gravest
assessment appraisal
nutritious nutrient
suddenly abruptly
prepares prepare
sentimental emotional
cancelled countermanded
canceled countermanded
aboriginal indigenous
misrepresent distort
statistical statistics
abnormal anomalous
strengthening strengthened
settled liquidated
increasing gaining
tutelage guardianship
clavicle collarbone
astonishingly remarkably
shortcomings drawbacks
disadvantaged underprivileged
dumber stupider
invincible unconquerable
analyse analyses
disc disk
splits divide
splits divides
presents introduces
quick rapid
captioning caption
tornadoes hurricanes
selecting choosing
coerced forced
revisit reviewing
revisit review
decisions rulings
mirrored mirror
id identifier
portable mobile
emulate mimic
transfer transferring
transfers transferring
repulsive repellent
productive fruitful
kg kilogram
conceptions visions
characteristic distinctive
oil petroleum
efficiency effectiveness
attempts tried
attempt tried
attempted tried
trainers instructors
significant meaningful
fabled legendary
ha has
ha had
revoking cancelling
revoking canceling
missions delegations
transients transitional
organize arrange
enjoying experiencing
enjoying experience
clearer clear
perplexed baffled
pervasive ubiquitous
clarify clarifying
praised commended
style styling
curtail restrict
leave leaving
proper appropriate
enlargement expansion
deformed malformed
approve approving
shared share
fucked fuck
chiefs principals
secret clandestine
transpired happened
destroys ruins
destroys ruined
hardest roughest
replaced superseded
replace superseded
unrecorded unregistered
minors minor
inhumane inhuman
hamper inhibited
earlier previously
skill skills
blah bla
emotional sentimental
remind reminds
adviser counsellor
inordinately exceedingly
iranians iranian
reviews assessments
preventable avoidable
navigating navigate
prosperous thriving
voted vote
augmented increased
mohammad mohamed
previously earlier
lift lifting
lifts lifting
principals chiefs
systematically methodically
zone areas
zone area
destiny fated
disgusting repugnant
underlined highlighting
incurable untreatable
conclusive convincing
tasting taste
bookies bookmakers
wrappings wrappers
disorganization dislocation
lost forfeited
deceived fooled
prohibition ban
responding respond
curiously oddly
picking select
picking selecting
horrendous horrifying
accessed access
prominent important
hostesses stewardesses
magnificently splendidly
navigate navigating
packets packages
packets package
averaging average
pretences pretexts
apathy indifference
restoration returns
inquiry enquiry
mistaken wrong
underline stresses
underlines stresses
underlines stressing
underlines stress
wretched miserable
quagmire morass
significance importance
encouraged emboldened
initiate initiating
important importance
heirs inheritors
relocate resettle
sized sizes
sized size
reproduction procreation
missiles rockets
replace substituted
replaced substituted
populated inhabited
users user
proposal proposals
disadvantage disadvantaged
preachers pastors
modernize upgrade
performed fulfilled
performed fulfil
gravestone tombstone
disturbed troubled
lessened reduced
cooperation collaboration
somber sombre
controversies arguments
extending extend
extraordinarily remarkably
staging phasing
info information
fighting combating
adjust adjusting
aspects facets
adultery adulterous
rockets missiles
adaptable adaptive
insufferable intolerable
combats fights
combats fight
earmarked allocated
forbid prohibit
cars automobiles
prejudicial harmful
complainant plaintiff
velocities speeds
unjustifiable indefensible
mobilise mobilize
tense strained
assembled congregated
expiry expiration
dreadful horrendous
propitious favourable
shout shouting
candidly frankly
ultraviolet uv
distinct different
interruption suspension
prohibits prohibit
penitentiary prison
disintegration breakup
forefathers ancestors
odd bizarre
crossing cross
principles tenets
route routing
doctors physicians
washroom toilet
friend friends
care caring
liberated released
minimized limited
dried dehydrated
utilise exploit
participants attendees
formatted format
model modelling
reducing reduce
purportedly reportedly
collaboration partnership
collaboration partnerships
carnivorous carnivore
middle mid
inquiries inquires
methods method
hiking hike
errors mistakes
typically ordinarily
separated segregated
bowels entrails
deployment deployments
colliery coalmine
wasteful profligate
visa visas
deficit shortfall
aristocracy nobility
paired coupled
conducted executed
invite invited
affirms confirms
harbor harbour
arts artistic
astonishing stunning
wanna wanted
accessible available
skilled specialised
important essential
wages salaries
preventive preemptive
cordless wireless
abdullah abdallah
accumulating amassing
eternally forever
granddad grandpa
ingrained rooted
appointment appointing
broken ruptured
saves saving
save saving
hesse hessen
cross crossing
deviations diversions
washing wash
disguised camouflaged
antenatal prenatal
approximately approx
decisively resolutely
disk disc
obstructed blocked
cold colder
responding respond
limiting limits
limiting limit
allows enables
subjects topics
smartest cleverest
increased growing
increasing growing
increase growing
monument memorial
upward upwards
martyred martyr
threatening menacing
statistical statistics
facets aspects
fooled deluded
located situate
located situated
advice guidance
viewing view
viewing views
include including
edicts decrees
linked connected
storing stockpiling
undesirable unwelcome
reflect reflects
packages packets
package packets
disturbed perturbed
reasons grounds
useless futile
reconfirm reaffirm
justified warranted
dimitri dmitri
lasting enduring
diverge differ
restricted restricting
responding respond
attempted tried
corporations corporation
repercussions implications
heavenly celestial
granny grandma
appellation designation
outages blackouts
kilograms kgs
kilograms kg
goals objective
goals objectives
brakes braking
trends tendencies
trend tendencies
unwarranted unreasonable
led advanced
fatal fateful
investigates probes
reduced reduce
rashly hastily
rails rail
rite ritual
challenge challenging
characteristics habits
tunnelling tunnel
stage phase
razing demolishing
transpired happened
appeased pacified
abducted kidnapping
abducting kidnapping
assassinating killing
cinematographic cinematic
promptly speedily
replaced superseded
conflict disputes
conflicts disputes
readjusted adapted
repayments refunds
privileges advantages
rotate rotated
cloning clone
aware conscious
reaffirm reaffirms
approx approximately
combining merging
augmented increase
augmented increasing
augmented increased
phasing staging
carbohydrates carbs
sealant sealer
refine refined
deadlines timelines
quickest swiftest
relinquish abandon
imprisoning detaining
highlight emphasized
highlights emphasize
highlight emphasize
efendi effendi
memorial monument
upwards upward
collapsing imploding
eliminate delete
incoming inbound
size sized
biotech biotechnology
reasons grounds
reasoned grounded
sustainable durable
thread threads
steady constant
theater theatre
theater theatres
theaters theatres
renovation restoration
volunteer voluntary
discusses discuss
irretrievable irreparable
abolishing cancelling
abolishing canceling
allow enable
sort sorting
mistreatment abuse
packets packages
lease rents
leases rents
kidnapped kidnap
territory territories
teresa theresa
prenatal antenatal
excavated digging
gorgeous wonderful
finished completed
conjunction collaboration
stress emphasise
reducing lessening
reduced lessening
sweating perspiration
teens teenagers
transitional transitory
surpassed exceeded
surpassed exceed
collarbone clavicle
moreover additionally
astounding astonishing
dispirited discouraged
gaining increasing
engaging engage
navigated browsed
streetcars trams
obstruct hamper
hatch hatching
legal judicial
mobilize mobilise
astonishing astounding
manipulated handled
reviewed reviews
reviewed review
battlefields battlegrounds
youssef yousef
appalling shocking
choosing opting
evil wicked
dispute conflict
visions conceptions
oppose opposes
earmarked allocated
converge converged
banning forbidding
countersigned endorsed
annoyance irritation
convalescence recuperation
designed intended
grounds reasons
eliminated eliminate
segregate isolate
substituted replace
substituted replaced
extraordinarily tremendously
diligently assiduously
unwanted unwelcome
initiating launching
physicians doctors
tremendously incredibly
producer manufacturer
dredge dredging
refuse reject
tolerating condoning
rewarding reward
pillage plunder
stifled suppressed
instant immediate
dated date
participation involvement
commandant commander
hurricanes tornadoes
camouflaged disguised
betting bet
fatigued tired
appoint appointing
await awaiting
highlight underlines
highlights underlines
highlights underline
highlight underline
highlight underlined
integrate integrating
photos pictures
authorise authorising
weakened eroded
coloring colouring
recommends recommend
cooperating collaborating
falsification forgery
waitresses barmaids
screams shrieks
espionage spying
richest wealthiest
talking talk
crazier madder
hoffmann hoffman
mohammed muhammad
assiduously diligently
clearly evidently
blocking obstructing
ought should
enterprise companies
enterprises companies
review examination
strengthen strengthened
habits characteristics
sparking igniting
linked intertwined
persistently stubbornly
value values
citations quotations
lasting durable
unjustified unsubstantiated
browse browsing
dmitri dimitri
broke ruptured
somebody anyone
floods flooding
flood flooding
potable drinkable
pretences pretensions
conscious aware
engagement involvement
scenarios screenplays
lavatories toilets
velocity speed
wrappers wrappings
scorn contempt
pictures photos
rucksack backpack
decrepit dilapidated
rising soaring
renounced abandoning
renouncing abandoning
aforementioned aforesaid
often frequently
stupid dumb
deviations differences
design designed
unintentional inadvertent
heinous abhorrent
optimum optimal
imparted communicated
reduced decreased
disgruntled dissatisfied
underground subterranean
catalog catalogue
stockpile stockpiling
granny grandma
leaving leave
toll tolling
queue queuing
impediments obstacles
valiant courageous
variable variables
untrustworthy unreliable
diversions deviations
loosened relaxed
forthcoming impending
blackouts outages
wonderful splendid
kgs kilos
kg kilos
tranquillisers tranquillizers
coordinating coordination
persons person
expand broaden
mistreated manhandled
turmoil unrest
intimately intricately
stirred provoked
astounded astonished
breadth width
master masters
catalog catalogues
catalogs catalogues
catalog catalogue
catalogs catalogue
flowering flower
loyalties allegiances
prudently wisely
quickens accelerates
relinquished forsworn
center centre
centered centred
centered centre
unhygienic unsanitary
reviews reviewing
review reviewing
closed shut
ruins destroys
ruined destroys
swimming swim
sceptical scepticism
advisors counselors
evacuating evacuate
advanced led
insufficiency deficiency
innate inherent
respond responding
mamma mama
inhibited prevented
contributions support
contributions supports
charges charging
charge charging
suitably properly
mobilizing mobilization
readjusted adapted
deadlines timetables
refunds repayments
friends friend
refund refunded
moveable movable
splendidly magnificently
deferment deferral
remind reminding
fax facsimile
identification identifying
deposit depositing
rejected overruled
homeland fatherland
engage engaging
tombstone gravestone
abhorrent heinous
instruments devices
earlier early
prophesied predicted
matching match
counsellors advisors
objective goals
objectives goals
dies died
pictures photographs
die died
preemptive preventive
photography photo
opportunity chance
opportunities chance
opposes oppose
concerning regarding
glaring blatant
medical medicinal
administers manages
punished penalized
noticeable visible
freight cargo
plundering pillaging
disputes conflict
disputes conflicts
delighted glad
practise practising
surpass exceed
discontented disaffected
groups cluster
promote promotes
marshy swampy
determines determine
antagonism hostility
lengthened elongated
surpassed exceed
corporation corporations
surpassed exceeded
surpassed exceeding
transitional transients
aboard onboard
oversee supervise
stolen steal
deceased dead
purifying purification
problems problem
shouting shout
burrowing burrow
etch etching
okay ok
authorised authorized
photographs pictures
true genuine
objets objects
nicholas nicolas
boot booting
speedy rapid
browsing searching
executed conducted
perpetually permanently
clothing garments
tendencies trends
tendencies trend
seeks strive
confirmation affirmation
millimetres mm
started launch
start launched
started launched
remarkably extraordinarily
designed intended
quotations citations
adjusting adapting
publishes publish
colours colors
evacuating evacuation
dependable credible
damaging damaged
queuing queue
assessments reviews
notably especially
madder crazier
silent quiet
disoriented confused
celebrations festivities
phd doctorate
adjust adjusting
submitting submit
bone bony
commended praised
merging combining
reducing reduce
show displaying
shows displays
showing displaying
showing display
showing displays
shows displaying
lung pulmonary
endless unending
ban prohibition
dangerous perilous
miserable wretched
unwanted unsolicited
uncharted unexplored
opens opened
open opened
mosaic patchwork
luxemburg luxembourg
handicapped disabled
kmt kuomintang
promoting promote
weakened eroded
expressing express
tacit implicit
famous famed
classification classifying
refuges sanctuaries
wilful intentional
grow growth
veterinarian veterinary
veterinarians veterinary
breeding rearing
folding fold
judges magistrates
hunting hunts
incorporates integrates
hunting hunt
growing increased
growing increasing
growing increase
log logging
patronizing condescending
aunt auntie
faraway distant
perpetrated committed
perpetrated commited
facilities installations
somebody someone
pretensions pretences
someone somebody
erroneous false
cleverest smartest
martyr martyred
stewardesses hostesses
stores shops
issuing issue
virtuous righteous
threads thread
slavery enslavement
specific concrete
slaughtered culled
missiles rocket
missile rocket
discovered unearthed
eyeglasses spectacles
pedophile paedophile
revive relaunch
package packet
obviously naturally
unfit unsuitable
elongated lengthened
abominable heinous
recurring recurrent
actions steps
mohamed mohammad
reliable trustworthy
islands isles
mamma mama
imparted communicated
pacified appeased
detaching separating
kilos kgs
nitroglycerine nitroglycerin
kilos kg
engendered created
specific particular
substantially noticeably
problem problems
commander commandant
educating educate
achieve achieving
communities community
use utilization
mobilize mobilise
mathematics math
paste pasted
sincerely wholeheartedly
groups clustered
grouped clustered
pivotal essential
eroded weakened
delete eliminate
allot allocate
sanctuaries refuges
delegations missions
tools instrument
tools instruments
installations facilities
aboriginals aboriginal
furnace oven
refusal rejection
precursors forerunners
marvelous marvellous
feature characteristics
feature characteristic
timelines deadlines
strenuously vigorously
instrument tools
correct corrected
instruments tool
areas spheres
instrument tool
commemorates commemorate
entrails bowels
mums mommies
continued continuing
marianas mariana
shaded shadowed
declares announces
amir emir
fashionable trendy
refunds repayments
catastrophic calamitous
proprietor owners
proprietors owners
changing changes
changing change
measures steps
inhibited prevented
delete deletion
nearest closest
strengthened strengthening
compromised jeopardizes
compromises jeopardizes
detected detect
ineluctable inescapable
reject refuse
early earlier
retaining retain
protection protect
finds findings
negates denies
sustainable sustained
competition contest
surroundings environs
rulings decisions
rejected overruled
reticent reluctant
aspiration ambition
creation formation
gymnastic gymnastics
pitch pitching
advantageous favourable
interpreters translators
texts text
skills skill
roma rom
eliminates removes
inspecting review
inspecting reviewing
foe enemy
disk disc
swampy marshy
scheduling schedule
innumerable numerous
sacrosanct inviolable
adjusting adjust
counselors advisors
beeping beep
undermine jeopardize
expelling deporting
choose select
choose selected
choosing selected
chosen selected
chose selected
chose select
choosing select
justifications justification
double dual
involvement participation
congregated assembled
disgruntled displeased
drugstore pharmacy
afflict affect
streamlining streamline
specialised skilled
companions comrades
unimaginably incredibly
importance significance
excitation excitement
ok okay
emphasise stress
releases freed
floors storeys
breach breaching
loads load
concretely specifically
confederation confederacy
translators interpreters
consistency coherence
shipment consignment
cooperation collaborative
responsible liable
strengthening enhancing
seller salespeople
seller salesperson
extremities extremes
key keys
confusing disorienting
homosexuals gay
homosexuals gays
faxing fax
tornadoes hurricanes
youths youngsters
habitual usual
piping pipe
findings observations
contiguous adjoining
countrywide nationwide
revolts uprisings
ibn bin
specialised special
vests waistcoats
starts launched
started launched
started launch
arbitrator referee
rigor rigour
mistakes errors
orbit orbiting
gleaned gathered
synchronization synchronize
markedly sharply
usual normal
bullying intimidation
unbearable insupportable
instalment installment
stockpiling stockpile
condoning tolerating
therapeutic curative
porous permeable
disoriented confused
bla blah
antagonism enmity
example instances
authorize authorized
examples instances
relating pertaining
queued queue
impose dictates
imposes dictates
climbs rise
climbs rises
climbs rose
clogged obstructed
insignia badge
performs fulfils
appalling horrific
scattering scatter
obstructed clogged
authorising authorise
invisible unseen
rationalized rationalize
tempo pace
delicate fragile
browsed navigated
exiled exiles
exiled exile
burning incinerating
objective objectives
climbed rise
climbed rising
climbed rose
boosted augmented
hostility antagonism
lehmann lehman
defeated conquered
rational reasonable
protect protection
authorized authorize
neutralizing neutralization
provoked stirred
everyone everybody
undermine undercut
decreases shrinks
decreases shrink
astounding amazing
precarious insecure
barriers obstacles
spheres domains
stop halt
movable moveable
saving saves
saving save
scoring score
pillaging plundering
deletion elimination
manhandled mistreated
emphatically vehemently
hijacking kidnapping
restoration renovation
ousted toppled
afghan afghani
nature character
exaggerated inflated
rebuffed rejected
merge combine
male masculine
bathrooms bathhouses
incinerated burnt
incinerated burned
grounds reasons
grounded reasoned
missiles rockets
stresses emphasizes
battlegrounds battlefields
sculpted carved
resolve settle
resolving settle
hoffman hoffmann
dishonour dishonor
continual ongoing
counsel counselling
counsels counselling
engendered created
penalize punish
displaying show
displays shows
displaying showing
display showing
displays showing
displaying shows
stipulations regulations
roughest hardest
shared exchanged
escalate escalates
mortal deadly
malevolent malicious
declining decline
duty responsibility
inconsequential unimportant
rockets missiles
permeable porous
accelerated quickened
raising increasing
raising increase
raising increased
raise increase
raise increased
raise increasing
cops policemen
eroded weakened
reporting report
allegiances loyalties
causal causative
trademarked trademark
seminars seminar
expedience expediency
wonderful marvellous
dividing divide
wage salary
supportive supporting
startling striking
identifier id
shown displayed
showed displayed
delightful charming
impropriety irregularity
transformations transformation
finished finish
conceal disguise
hunts hunting
hunt hunting
conjunction combination
policy policies
timelines timeframe
risen hiked
unobstructed unimpeded
plunder pillage
candor frankness
timetables deadlines
specter spectre
cruel brutal
readjusted readjust
resulting result
abuse mistreatment
adjoining contiguous
buyer purchaser
differences disputes
headdress headgear
anomalies abnormalities
recuperation convalescence
mommies mums
recommend recommending
assailant attacker
segregated separate
generates generate
nicolas nicholas
error mistakes
errors mistakes
relaunch revive
expectations prospects
kidnapping hijacking
dimitri dmitri
decay decomposition
exceeding surpassing
victory triumph
baseline basic
prisoners captives
masood massoud
severely harshly
lush luxuriant
settled finalized
oven furnace
laptops notebooks
shops stores
altered modified
ruinous disastrous
concealed hidden
kidnap kidnapped
fiercely ferociously
hijack hijacking
schedule scheduling
apprehensive worried
educating educate
viewing view
credentials diplomas
igniting sparking
fiber fibres
fibers fibres
fiber fibre
fibers fibre
uprisings revolts
diluted dilute
everybody everyone
analyze analyzing
dependable reliable
mitigating mitigate
consultant adviser
unaided unassisted
remark remarks
responsible responsibility
settlers colonists
wetter wettest
proponent advocate
baffling puzzling
registered register
plunder loot
canals channels
itself himself
contain containing
liaising communicating
mama mamma
amassing accumulating
costs cost
lifting lift
lifting lifts
senseless nonsensical
toolbox toolkit
opting choosing
misjudgment miscalculation
related connected
yeah yes
guideline guidelines
advisors counsellors
crimes offences
builds constructed
harmful injurious
rejecting dismissing
logging log
looting plunder
statistical statistics
facets aspects
certifying certify
threatens threaten
palestine palestinian
palestine palestinians
anthems hymns
item items
eliminate delete
dirty filthy
modifications modification
reputable respectable
corrected correct
grievous serious
weaknesses shortcomings
singers vocalists
emailed email
assigning assign
stifled suffocated
unconditional unqualified
palestinian palestine
palestinians palestine
gypsies gyptians
trafficking smuggling
work jobs
chopper helicopter
deporting expelling
summons subpoena
refrigerator fridge
reclaim regain
drunken drunk
disasters calamities
chiefly essentially
fondly affectionately
solve resolve
solve resolves
forbidding banning
convinced persuaded
confront face
canoeing canoe
investigates probes
hooked hook
sulphate sulfate
constitutes constitute
restarting restart
tehran teheran
brochures booklets
updating update
updating updates
falsely erroneously
responsibility responsible
joy pleasure
hymns anthems
idiots imbeciles
inhibited deterred
threats menaces
postponement deferment
liquidated settled
reaffirm reiterate
sends send
impractical unrealistic
deterred inhibited
shrinkage contraction
carved sculpted
occupants occupiers
worrying disquieting
boosted augmented
convened summoned
boats vessels
oversight surveillance
attendees participants
unshakable unwavering
reiterate reaffirm
deadlines timelines
deadline timelines
tendering tenders
uniform uniformed
tendering tender
permeate penetrate
changes shifts
caption captioning
laptop portable
select choose
selected choose
selected choosing
selected chosen
selected chose
select chose
select choosing
coercion duress
ordinary normal
reporting reports
reporting report
destroyed razed
whichever whatever
continuing continue
perilous hazardous
renminbi rmb
vanish disappear
troubled disturbed
danger hazard
tunneling tunnels
tunneling tunnel
slide sliding
symphony symphonic
reaffirm reaffirmed
cornerstones fundamentals
controller comptroller
strengthening reinforcing
someone somebody
criterion criteria
aircrafts planes
conserve conserving
marvellous wonderful
diagnosis diagnose
lupin lupine
rebuffed rejected
speculations conjectures
stressed underlined
defines define
substantiated justified
classified confidential
anybody somebody
superhighway expressway
disguising concealing
mobilise mobilize
manioc cassava
rental leases
rentals leases
offences transgressions
nasty unpleasant
analyzed analysed
wealthiest richest
settle solve
settle solving
reopened reopen
shared exchanges
share exchanged
sharing exchange
shared exchange
sharing exchanged
sharing exchanges
shared exchanged
communicating imparting
advices notices
molten melted
concealing disguising
varying differing
driving drive
send sends
preventing inhibiting
treating treat
revoked annulled
battlefields battlegrounds
channels canals
accelerated quickened
invited invite
weaknesses disadvantages
granting grant
granting grants
mansour mansur
closeness proximity
mirror mirrored
paternity fatherhood
recommend recommends
whipping whip
whipping whips
inhibiting hampering
notices advices
asymmetric asymmetrical
rented leased
summoned convened
orphaned orphan
orphaned orphans
snake serpent
repayments refunds
extension prolongation
discouraged dispirited
strive seeks
brotherly sisterly
capacity capabilities
condescending patronizing
respect respecting
appalling horrible
screenplays scenarios
boosts reinforces
recognizing recognize
dried drier
dried dry
wonderfully marvelously
impenetrable incomprehensible
recurrent recurring
liable responsible
infect contaminate
remedied corrected
abused mistreated
rebels revolts
impact influence
murders assassinated
disputing dispute
locations placements
location placements
rented leased
centimetres cms
centimetres cm
message messaging
summary summaries
colour colours
respond responding
acknowledgment acknowledgement
shelling bombardments
recognizing acknowledging
volunteer voluntary
achievement accomplishments
heinous hideous
eviction expulsion
verify verifying
patchwork mosaic
conquered defeated
displays showings
achieving achieve
creation establishment
talk talking
photo pictures
photos pictures
instrument tools
instruments tools
unnerving disconcerting
adapted tailored
adapting tailored
happily fortunately
conclusions conclusion
acknowledges recognises
deadlines timeframe
latrines toilets
prospects expectations
abolish abolishing
frankly candidly
congregate gather
needlessly pointlessly
hereinafter hereafter
renounced forsworn
showcasing displaying
terminate discontinue
drive driving
tricks gimmicks
settled finalized
coherence consistency
annexe annex
risky dangerous
bathrooms lavatories
captives prisoners
exchanged shared
filipinos philippines
burrow burrowing
conserving conserve
festivities celebrations
taste tasting
prohibiting banning
badge insignia
citations quotations
automobiles cars
neighboring neighbor
great huge
mountainous hilly
notebooks laptops
centers facilities
importing importation
forfeited lost
culprits perpetrators
dykes dikes
cemeteries graveyards
disputes feuds
define defining
varied varying
nearest nearer
pictures photo
pictures photos
essential imperative
grounds reasons
launch started
launched start
launched started
penalized punished
closest nearest
unassisted unaided
displayed shown
displayed showed
immense massive
destroyed ruined
inheritors heirs
reserved reserve
vendor supplier
timber lumber
photograph pictures
photograph picture
obstacles barriers
shift shifting
significant important
curbing restraining
shut closed
beginnings commences
shadowed shaded
educate educating
prohibited forbidden
deterioration worsening
dotted dot
mediators middlemen
distinctive characteristic
congratulates commends
ambiguous vague
loathsome heinous
utilize utilizing
trying attempting
incorporate incorporating
abnormalities anomalies
perpetrators culprits
himself itself
unimpeded unhindered
policemen cops
reserve reserved
prohibition ban
dictates impose
dictates imposes
resigns resign
triple threefold
assessment appraisal
explaining explain
maturing ripening
mansur mansour
analyzing analyze
culled slaughtered
indigenous aboriginal
barmaids waitresses
rivals competitors
grunting grunt
anomaly abnormality
analysis analysing
programme program
monies moneys
wholeheartedly sincerely
chimneys smokestacks
legendary fabled
unlimited unrestricted
clergy clerics
brochures booklets
expulsion deportations
expulsion deportation
melted molten
timeframe timelines
replacement substitution
rival competitor
decapitate behead
stole shoplifted
swiftest quickest
avoid avoiding
nutritive nutritious
tightening tighten
disappointed frustrated
resurgence revival
structuring structure
minimize minimized
beneficiary beneficiaries
tycoons magnates
teenage teenaged
elisabeth elizabeth
pack packing
activation activating
riddle enigma
armoury armory
inception creation
transitory temporary
convened summoned
piastres piasters
unreservedly wholeheartedly
suppress quell
recognize recognizing
disquiet unease
whip whipping
whips whipping
legitimately rightfully
hazardous dangerous
strengthening strengthened
advancement promotion
yogurt yoghurt
dismissing rejecting
serpent snake
wettest wetter
shockingly surprisingly
develops develop
wisely prudently
condensing condensation
constant consistent
guidance advice
hindrance barrier
communicable transmittable
fixing fixations
shrieks screams
messaging message
enhancing strengthening
sophisticated advanced
defending defend
accounts accounting
account accounting
disadvantages weaknesses
vote voted
estimating estimates
garments clothing
estimating estimate
vigorously aggressively
counterfeiter forger
frantic frenzied
facet aspect
andalusia andalucia
baffling perplexing
large huge
characteristic characteristics
phrasing wording
anaesthetic anaesthesia
trusting trust
cost costs
revolts rebels
reform reforming
reforms reforming
occupations professions
competitors rivals
carrillo carillo
confirm corroborate
allocate assign
different diverse
photographs pictures
substantiated corroborated
professions occupations
instances example
instances examples
loot pillage
jobs work
trustworthy reliable
updating updated
occupiers occupants
relentless unrelenting
sharply markedly
dispatch despatch
unfettered unlimited
somebody someone
summoned convened
superseded replaced
superseded replace
quotations citations
counsellors advisors
cooling cool
nobility aristocracy
biggest grandest
intensifying intensify
peace peaceful
inshore coastal
culmination climax
middle mid
entrances entrees
oblivion forgetfulness
abused mistreated
marvellous marvelous
foolproof infallible
useful helpful
delete eliminate
groundless unjustified
remind reminds
rented leased
rented lease
deviation diversion
meagre meager
grandpa grandfather
cosy comfortable
vigilance alertness
inviolable sacrosanct
involvement engagement
abdel abdul
edict decree
booklets brochures
insurrection revolt
grandchildren grandkids
nuisance inconvenience
reprinted reprint
important significant
contracts agreement
fuck fucked
contract agreement
rapid quick
colouring coloring
encouraging encourage
carillo carrillo
route routing
heinous abominable
refuges sanctuaries
characteristics hallmarks
insupportable unbearable
conjectures speculations
complete finishing
completing finishing
imploding collapsing
fishermen anglers
program programme
betterment improvement
betterment improvements
tailored adapted
tailored adapting
underlined underline
watts watt
irritate annoy
sluggish slow
analyse analysis
granny grandma
differ diverge
focusing focus
focusing focuses
valiantly courageously
exchanges shared
exchanged share
exchange sharing
exchange shared
exchanged sharing
exchanges sharing
exchanged shared
intended designed
favourable beneficial
facilities centers
chechnya chechens
chechnya chechen
forerunners precursors
endorses supports
behavior behaviours
anaesthesia anaesthetic
behaviors behaviour
behaviors behaviours
behavior behaviour
optimum optimal
booklets brochures
vessels boats
realization implementation
stores shops
fora forum
charming delightful
teenagers adolescents
unimportant inconsequential
findings conclusions
showings displays
refurbishment restoration
sought aspired
leases rental
leases rentals
regulations regs
launched starts
launched started
launch started
adolescents teenagers
jeopardizes compromised
jeopardizes compromises
dikes dykes
listeners hearers
starts initiates
interferes meddles
genuine true
inserting insert
boil boiling
recommend recommends
closures shutdowns
commends congratulates
destroyed ruined
prohibits bans
timeframe timetable
faster fast
modification modifications
neglectful negligent
shrinks decreases
shrink decreases
barriers obstacles
fulfilled performed
fulfil performed
suffocated stifled
multinational transnational
utilizes uses
bin ibn
risks hazards
refined sophisticated
bleu blue
prolonged protracted
hampering inhibiting
limitless boundless
use used
copter helicopter
sacha sascha
sanctuaries refuges
vastly considerably
sulfate sulphate
disputes differences
derision ridicule
okay ok
pool pooling
basics fundamentals
aggressively energetically
wins triumphs
assign allocate
tinned canned
suppressing stifling
log logging
splits divides
logs logging
sisterly brotherly
dropped dipped
distribute distributing
ruptured broken
finalized settled
timelines deadlines
timelines deadline
pledging pledge
unlocking unlock
adjustment adaptation
leased rented
decline fall
armored armoured
likeness similarity
notes noting
dot dotted
abductions kidnap
diagnosing diagnosis
carpet rug
deploying deploy
reviews appraisals
maximum maximal
emil emile
tenets principles
visas visa
justification justifications
forsworn relinquished
toolkit toolbox
traveling travel
deluded fooled
hardships privations
views opinions
average averaging
cluster groups
commit perpetrate
lorries trucks
drier dried
dry dried
reboot restart
sadness grief
respond responding
lessening reducing
lessening reduced
skilful skilled
clearly plainly
tools instruments
rebuffed repulsed
accountability responsibility
unsurpassed unrivalled
substantially drastically
transnational multinational
breathing inhaling
scots scottish
reboot restart
kidnap hijackings
propensity proclivity
hijackings kidnap
decrees edicts
disturbingly alarmingly
soaring rising
repulsed rebuffed
findings finds
frustrated disappointed
indicate indicates
inequality inequities
inequalities inequities
suppose presume
analytical analytic
tired weary
indicates indicate
tranquillity serenity
refuse refused
gruesome horrific
astute shrewd
attain obtain
headgear headdress
kg kilograms
diarrhea diarrhoea
irreparable irretrievable
escaped evaded
deploy deployed
encyclopedia encyclopaedia
anomalies abnormalities
offences crimes
score scoring
incorporating incorporate
detention custody
seriousness gravity
enables allows
defeat defeating
restricts limits
abdul abdel
refurbishment refurbishing
waistcoats vests
shareholder stockholder
logistical logistics
copies copy
faithfulness fidelity
open opens
yes yeah
sync syncing
falklands falkland
unjustly wrongfully
varied various
volunteer volunteers
voters voter
superseded replaced
colleagues coworkers
loyalty allegiance
mistakes error
mistakes errors
nearer near
restraining curbing
instigator initiator
translator interpreter
lamentable regrettable
pleasures joys
astonished astounded
bombardments shelling
mongol mongolian
mongols mongolian
appealing appeal
consolidate solidify
admirable remarkable
outbreaks eruptions
registered register
opinions viewed
opinions views
busan pusan
calculate calculating
ceaselessly tirelessly
sympathy empathy
solve settle
solving settle
disdain scorn
tire tyre
uniting unifying
soothing appeasing
enigma riddle
subsequent consequent
archaeological archaeology
dmitri dimitri
unconscious subconscious
scorn disdain
endorsed upheld
reproduce reproduced
overruled rejected
controls controlling
control controlling
starting commenced
cognizant conscious
angered infuriated
continue continuing
clerics clergy
matrimony marriage
divide splits
divides splits
disconnecting disconnection
obligated obliged
precise accurate
packing packaging
constructed builds
parody travesty
bet wagered
isolate segregate
steps measures
difficult problematic
privatisation privatization
adaptation adjustment
beep beeping
intended designed
pasting paste
soothing reassuring
sections chapters
honourable honorable
obstacle hindrance
comrades companions
advanced sophisticated
harsh tough
clustered groups
clustered grouped
reasons grounds
augmented boosted
quickened accelerated
traded trade
specialised specialized
excessively inordinately
privatization privatisation
recordings records
recordings record
recording record
recording records
scattered strewn
constraints obstacles
marvelous wonderful
expanded expand
ruined destroyed
attempting trying
vocalists singers
metals minerals
partnership collaboration
partnerships collaboration
message messaging
solace consolation
kidnap abductions
rejection refusal
colonists settlers
battlegrounds battlefields
conclusion conclusions
ceaselessly incessantly
dead deceased
faithfulness loyalty
authorized authorised
increases widen
reporting reports
reporting report
cool cooling
abused maltreated
suppliers vendors
conclusive definitive
candor candour
died dies
died die
floppy diskette
incredibly exceedingly
defining define
grief sadness
flower flowering
track tracking
transplant transplanted
sensibly rationally
undertake undertaking
practicing practice
demonstrators protesters
gradual progressive
numerical numeric
disorientated confused
structured structure
graveyards cemeteries
boiling boil
ruptured broke
voting vote
voting votes
condone tolerate
finalized settled
recover reclaim
strenuous arduous
somebody anybody
cautious prudent
unimpeded unobstructed
fixations fixing
unflinching unfailing
uganda ugandan
fearful afraid
nudes naked
leased rented
lease rented
southwest southwestern
counselling counsel
counselling counsels
superfluous redundant
dangers perils
danger perils
raid raiding
magnates tycoons
elaborate elaborated
reluctant reticent
infallible foolproof
murderous homicidal
homage tribute
clever smart
clever smarter
deliciously exquisitely
bereft devoid
joys pleasures
midday noon
advocating advocate
jumps leaps
harm harming
differences disputes
aural auditory
anglers fishermen
vendors suppliers
incessant continuous
absurd nonsensical
riddle puzzle
protesters demonstrators
expediency expedience
appeasing soothing
hiked risen
responsibility responsible
specifies specify
practical pragmatic
shutdowns closures
acknowledges recognizes
persistence tenacity
topographical topographic
rebuffed repulsed
amazingly remarkably
formulate formulating
shops stores
piloted pilot
laptops notebooks
usually commonly
horrendous hideous
grounds reasons
expressway superhighway
stipulation provision
schoolchildren schoolboys
enlightening informative
repulsed rebuffed
cutting cut
natives aboriginals
contaminate infect
only solely
shortage dearth
treat treating
analysed analyzed
magnificently excellently
vegetables veggies
disparate different
fulfils performs
lawful legal
agreement arrangements
agreements arrangements
agreements arrangement
agreement arrangement
grounding ground
essential key
fragile delicate
similar analogous
incredible unbelievable
cooperation cooperate
middlemen mediators
grunt grunting
transformation transformations
conversion convert
correct correcting
rejects dismisses
adverse unfavourable
exasperation indignation
paste pasting
seller vendor
tumours tumor
tumour tumor
landlord landowner
neutralized offset
recovering recover
restricting restricted
weaknesses shortcomings
expand broaden
stopping halting
screamed shrieked
precariously dangerously
isles islands
cooperating cooperation
placements locations
placements location
inhibit hinder
impair hamper
mohammad mohamed
envisage envision
revolt insurrection
presented present
calculating calculate
provider supplier
looted pillaged
wanna wanting
industrious diligent
unmistakable unambiguous
scatter scattering
wider broader
leased rented
strangers aliens
appraisal assessment
characteristics traits
territory territories
customers clients
efficiency effectiveness
coordination coordinating
load loads
convert conversion
area zone
endorsed upheld
authorizing authorize
overruled rejected
obstructing blocking
threat menaces
threats menaces
constrain limit
constrain limiting
angered infuriated
adorn decorate
wording formulation
vague ambiguous
receives receive
annulled revoked
convincing conclusive
timeframe deadlines
magnificently brilliantly
background backdrop
boats vessels
timetable timeline
divides splits
renounce abandon
collaborative cooperation
seabed seafloor
abnormalities anomalies
colonists colonisers
broaden expand
fooling deluding
analyzing analyze
forged counterfeits
toilet bathroom
facilitator moderator
authorize authorizing
turmoil upheaval
voters electors
threaded thread
concentrated concentrate
concentrated concentrates
orphan orphaned
orphans orphaned
larissa larisa
crab crabs
rightfully legitimately
augmented boosted
yassin yasin
obstacles barriers
immeasurably enormously
inclinations proclivities
violated infringed
quickened accelerated
recognition acknowledgment
ruined destroyed
adulterous adultery
videotape videotaped
shifts changes
commences begins
closing shutting
close shutting
match matching
granddad grandpa
wrongfully unjustly
adaptor adapter
irresponsible unaccountable
gather congregate
legitimately justifiably
lists listings
list listings
lists listing
list listing
offences transgressions
inhuman inhumane
plausible credible
mohammed mohammad
numerous countless
compromised jeopardized
attend attending
venomous poisonous
obstacles constraints
substance substances
yoghurt yogurt
confiscated impounded
mobilization mobilisation
forestall prevent
offset neutralized
orbiting orbit
volunteers volunteer
hemorrhoids haemorrhoids
characteristics idiosyncrasies
disc disk
instruments tools
definitely clearly
determine determines
bridges bridge
prevalent prevailing
shortcomings weaknesses
right rights
identifier id
allotment allocation
clients customers
barriers impediments
practising practise
robbed burglarized
confirms affirms
blinkers blinders
subterranean subsurface
dehydrated dried
exquisitely deliciously
disintegration decay
counterfeits forged
frightful terrible
spectre specter
freed releases
stacking stack
quicken accelerate
eruptions outbreaks
inextricably intricately
finishing complete
finishing completing
appropriate proper
formulating formulate
handbook manual
unreliable untrustworthy
capturing capture
theatre theater
capturing captures
theatres theater
theatres theaters
walking walk
disaffected discontented
dependant dependent
dramatic spectacular
pharmacies drugstores
sulfuric sulphuric
resume recommence
surpassing exceeding
answerable responsible
combine combining
routing route
fold folding
involved embroiled
profited gained
dependent reliant
granddad grandfather
gained profited
reduce reduced
tendency propensity
upheld endorsed
anyone anybody
graduating graduate
extend extending
vile despicable
brilliant splendid
festivities celebrations
authorize authorizing
adjustments alterations
leases leasing
lease leasing
supplier vendor
deepening deepen
dangerous unsafe
repulsive disgusting
schoolboys schoolchildren
notebooks laptops
constrained limited
pointlessly needlessly
decrease decreased
perceptible visible
checks checking
check checking
alertness vigilance
springs printemps
refilling refill
perilous precarious
blinders blinkers
steadfastly resolutely
mama mamma
places locations
grounds reasons
journey voyage
detect detected
compelling persuasive
prejudicial injurious
photographic photography
drinkable potable
stifling suppressing
families family
unearthed discovered
spheres areas
anybody anyone
diagnose diagnosis
limitations restraints
paragraphs paragraph
performed fulfilled
values value
reboot restart
fabulous fantastic
paragraphs paragraph
relaunch restart
unceasingly continuously
eliminating abolish
eliminate abolish
eliminate abolishing
checking verifying
transgressions offences
hallmarks characteristics
genetics genetic
anglers fishers
restart reboot
situate located
situated located
plates plaques
headstone tombstone
impotence helplessness
avoiding avoid
brute brutal
avoid avoiding
easier easy
cure curing
bodily physical
report reporting
fast faster
flats apartments
abuse maltreatment
dilapidated decrepit
promote promoting
countermanded cancelled
countermanded canceled
pertaining relating
reduced downsized
dissatisfied unsatisfied
deceived duped
analysis analyse
rationally sensibly
interchange exchange
impounded confiscated
underlined stressed
frequently often
moreover furthermore
justly rightly
close closes
palatable acceptable
restart reboot
youngsters youths
limits boundaries
funeral funereal
diversion deviation
inescapable ineluctable
transitioning transition
carefully meticulously
punished penalised
presenting present
emboldened encouraged
menaces threats
astounding stunning
innocuous harmless
backpack rucksack
utilizes uses
return revert
rostrum podium
departures deviations
acquires acquire
traders dealers
opinions views
hemorrhage bleeding
withdrawing withdrawal
punish penalize
integrating integrate
biggest widest
bridge bridging
vastly significantly
gain obtain
imparting communicating
exceptionally exceedingly
fantastic magnificent
tracks trails
humiliating humiliate
threat menace
arrangements regimes
analyzes analyze
grandfather grandpa
pests parasites
regimes arrangements
risen climbed
advise advising
enables allows
artists performers
views opinions
views opinion
devices instruments
motherhood maternity
skilfully ably
trespassing trespass
formally officially
warranty guarantee
perspiration sweating
spinal vertebral
unbelievable incredible
deceitful deceptive
explain explaining
calamities disasters
useless meaningless
booming boom
counting count
counting counts
spectacular dramatic
utilization use
hijack kidnapping
hijack kidnap
tow towing
doubtless unquestionably
governance management
facilitate facilitating
expense expenses
permission permissions
ullman ullmann
accepting accept
covert secret
recurrence reappearance
panties pants
exhaustive thorough
basements cellars
mercy clemency
compromised jeopardized
compromise jeopardized
inhibiting preventing
larisa larissa
opinion views
opinion view
supplier provider
filling fills
filling fill
incredibly tremendously
infringed violated
immaterial irrelevant
unauthorised unlicensed
optimal optimum
impractical unworkable
develop develops
submersion immersion
attractive appealing
gimmicks tricks
foundations fundamentals
slap slapping
kidnap kidnapped
wealthy prosperous
probes interrogates
vendors salespeople
slowdown deceleration
defectors deserters
continuing continued
concerning regarding
pipe piping
persuaded convinced
deserters defectors
milk dairy
establishment creation
dairy milk
initiating initiate
narration narrative
assassinated murders
communicable transmittable
maturation ripening
quenching quench
facilities installation
facilities installations
fracturing fracture
dehydrated dried
fonts typefaces
bogus fictitious
mobile portable
gained profited
complexities intricacies
chapters sections
halt stop
shouts yells
desperately sorely
leaflet pamphlet
audacious daring
minerals metals
formulating formulate
crashes collisions
collaborate cooperate
starts commencing
equity equality
masters master
neighboring neighbouring
resolving resolve
impediment barrier
depiction portrayal
tb tuberculosis
pools ponds
carriers transporters
grandpa granddad
boundless limitless
treason treachery
imprecise vague
efforts endeavors
opinions opinion
skilled specialised
incontestable undeniable
lengthy long
forsworn renounced
rents leases
rent leases
rents lease
grandest biggest
upheld endorsed
assessment evaluation
assessment evaluations
assessments evaluation
assessments evaluations
nicolas nicholas
saami sami
hamper obstruct
outset beginning
remove removing
removes removing
decrease reduce
changes changing
change changing
scripts scenarios
unsanitary unhealthy
cooperation collaborate
vessels boats
impacts consequences
paedophile pedophile
drinkable potable
terrific magnificent
devil demons
devils demons
feuds disputes
reprint reprinted
shared communicated
shared communicate
disk disc
hepatic liver
reinstate rehabilitate
pillaged looted
advisors councillors
detect detecting
disorienting confusing
imposed dictated
starts initiates
orbital orbiting
labor labour
springs printemps
abruptly sharply
insides interiors
fakes counterfeits
inhaling breathing
delay delayed
delays delayed
edicts decrees
branded brand
branded brands
inconvenience nuisance
choosing selecting
trouble difficulty
quandary dilemma
unrivalled unsurpassed
motorway expressway
risks hazards
risk hazards
reduce reduction
resign resigns
certify certifying
looted plundered
imbeciles idiots
torturers tormentors
choose choosing
provisions provision
involves implicates
efficacy efficiency
elevators lifts
perspectives prospects
disputes differences
continual continued
grandma granny
canoe canoeing
profited gained
oust overthrow
leaps jumps
unrestricted unlimited
regrettable lamentable
broader wider
locations places
covers encompasses
available accessible
deceived duped
generating generate
mom mother
obliged obligated
sculptured carved
readjust readjusted
doubles double
luxury luxurious
upgrade modernize
homemaker housewife
estimation assessment
smokestacks chimneys
neighborhood neighbourhood
neighborhood neighbourhoods
paragraph paragraphs
generate generating
tormentors torturers
fictitious bogus
electrical electric
exoneration exemption
substances substance
believers worshippers
theresa teresa
stunned astounded
obligatory mandatory
dipped dropped
magnificent fantastic
effectiveness efficiency
astounded surprised
commended praised
commend praised
gratified pleased
spectacular impressive
pillage loot
reduce reduced
cross crossing
trifles trivialities
casual occasional
deviations departures
difficult arduous
cassava manioc
unworkable impractical
detecting detect
extensive comprehensive
infraction violation
plundered looted
accurate precise
sustained continuous
neighbor neighbouring
views opinion
view opinion
grouping clusters
banned proscribed
joyful joyous
pleasant nice
distributing distribute
degrade degrading
sulphate sulfate
forum fora
widest biggest
assign assigning
starts commenced
forced forcible
groups panels
groupings panels
obsolete antiquated
graves tombs
steps footsteps
offence offense
provision provisions
combustion burning
twisted distorted
meticulous careful
wonderful marvelous
odor smell
odor smells
intelligently cleverly
grants donations
interpreter translator
fills filling
fill filling
wrongs mistakes
insides innards
anomalies abnormalities
neighbouring neighbour
neighbouring neighbours
boundaries limits
specifically especially
inequities inequality
inequities inequalities
bizarre odd
restive troubled
toppled ousted
facilitating facilitate
president chairperson
reshuffling reshuffle
accelerating acceleration
arming armament
falls fall
forgiven pardoned
retain retaining
morgue mortuary
myopic shortsighted
restart restarting
courageously valiantly
archaeology archeology
sentinels sentries
efficient effective
totals total
madeline madeleine
resets restarts
reset restart
reset restarts
linking link
merging merge
opponents adversaries
implications effects
heartening encouraging
forgetfulness oblivion
fall decreases
traffic trafficking
fanatic zealot
fragrances scents
breaches infractions
broad extensive
broader extensive
hazards risks
truthful true
improbable unlikely
oriental eastern
rarer scarcer
naked nudes
unnamed unidentified
adjustment adjusting
tough harsh
parasites pests
rebellion mutiny
demolish destroy
cultures civilisations
fracture fracturing
yells shouts
anything something
intelligent clever
installation facilities
installations facilities
restraints limitations
treachery treason
permissions permission
functions responsibilities
photographs photos
photograph photos
photograph photo
many numerous
photographs photo
lexicon vocabulary
logistical logistics
nutritive nutrient
dilute diluted
kilo kilogram
performing perform
halting stopping
collaboration conjunction
deluge flood
conducive favourable
caused sparked
missions misiones
hatching hatch
appropriate proper
unswerving unflinching
protection protect
bathroom restroom
redundant superfluous
steps measures
arrangement agreement
irregularity impropriety
talked chatted
elemental elementary
define defines
dealers traders
compiling compilation
mobilization mobilizing
shows illustrates
invasive intrusive
hearers listeners
bookings reservations
underscore emphasise
report reporting
lavatories bathrooms
incomprehensible impenetrable
czar tsar
defeats overpowers
outcomes results
brutal cruel
demons devil
demons devils
rejects rejected
reject rejected
innocuous inoffensive
blended mixed
repertory repertoire
vitally extremely
alterations adjustments
triumphs wins
cut cutting
aspired sought
elucidate explain
origins roots
request requesting
channels canals
minor minors
amazing surprising
numbers numerals
pervasive omnipresent
surfing surf
duped deceived
approximately approx
paid pay
clogging obstructing
metamorphosis transformation
catastrophe calamity
obstructing clogging
amounts sums
suppliers vendors
examination review
inadvertent unintended
looted plundered
sayed sayyed
mayas mayans
wagered bet
civilization civilisations
civilizations civilisations
civilization civilisation
civilizations civilisation
lethally fatally
egotistical egoistic
wary cautious
fades vanishes
preemptive preventative
odours smells
advising advise
colonisers colonists
leases rents
leases rent
lease rents
installment instalment
family families
barkeep bartender
scrupulously meticulously
energetically actively
browsing browse
propose proposes
rig rigging
demonstrators protesters
breath breathe
lease rental
scents fragrances
efficiency efficacy
computerised computerized
inevitable unavoidable
revitalize revitalizing
copy copies
beat overpowers
beats overpowers
programmes agendas
airship dirigible
nonsensical meaningless
entrees entrances
grandma granny
veggies vegetables
clearly manifestly
repugnance revulsion
courage bravery
meaningless useless
blur blurring
podium rostrum
blurring blur
uncommonly exceptionally
incredibly insanely
probe investigation
coincidental accidental
comparable similar
analysis analytical
vendors suppliers
bathhouses bathrooms
reservations bookings
helplessness impotence
incinerating burning
constant steady
protesters demonstrators
meddles interferes
slandering defaming
adolescence adolescent
downloads download
adapting adjusting
privations hardships
forests woodlands
hugest grandest
regretful regrettable
revealing reveal
guide guiding
sharing exchanging
eager anxious
vastly substantially
restart reboot
nitroglycerin nitroglycerine
symbolic emblematic
enlarging broadening
involvement engagement
specialised skilled
anyone somebody
plundered looted
cashiers tellers
accelerating quickening
laying lays
startling astounding
cellars basements
athletes sportsmen
envisage envisaged
establishment creation
creation establishment
evaded escaped
farewell goodbye
prudent cautious
mom mum
chatted talked
responsibilities functions
perils dangers
perils danger
marijuana cannabis
illegitimate unlawful
negligent neglectful
outcomes findings
proficiency competence
destroy destroys
remarks remark
brilliantly magnificently
neighbor neighboring
archive archival
initiates starts
uploading upload
abnormality anomaly
indexed index
builders constructors
coup putsch
threatening threaten
iniquitous unjust
rejects dismisses
motorized motorised
inoffensive innocuous
connected linked
irresponsible unaccountable
format formatted
malicious malevolent
organizes arranges
combining combine
heroically courageously
reliable dependable
quelled repressed
cupboard closet
sombre somber
excited excite
released release
released releases
collisions crashes
numbers numerals
shutting closing
shutting close
favourable positive
spending expenditures
spending expenditure
repertoire repertory
creation establishment
struggle battle
inhibit impede
priority priorities
repressed quelled
diarrhoea diarrhea
cultivating cultivate
unlimited unfettered
conflict dispute
allow allowed
refusing refuse
refusing refuses
hijackers kidnappers
carbs carbohydrates
scenarios scripts
classical conventional
doubtlessly doubtless
informative enlightening
pamphlet leaflet
settling finalizing
colors colours
pardoned forgiven
infringement infraction
ugandan uganda
unfailing unswerving
infectious communicable
summaries summary
trails tracks
corruption bribery
irritation annoyance
maltreatment mistreatment
dire terrible
special specific
interrupt discontinue
assisting helping
motorway expressway
indecent obscene
macau macao
searches searching
search searching
condensation condensing
jeopardized compromised
moist wet
moist wetter
modernize modernized
explicitly specifically
launches initiates
gruesome horrifying
electors voters
cornerstone keystone
faster quicker
intrusive invasive
establishment creation
creating create
sentries sentinels
convinced sure
deity divinity
pay paid
unwavering steadfast
protester demonstrator
unlawful wrongful
salient prominent
abnormalities anomalies
surveillance monitoring
stack stacking
flawless perfect
extremely hugely
noticeable remarkable
reset restart
perverse perverted
climbed risen
acquire acquires
issue issuance
anybody somebody
candidate nominee
threaten threatens
offset neutralized
dictated imposed
unplanned unintended
constantly continuously
unlock unlocking
deficient insufficient
gruesome horrible
peasants campesinos
watchful vigilant
healthier wholesome
healthy wholesome
geological geology
died dies
died die
statistical statistics
opinions views
opinion views
mandatory obligatory
unbeatable unmatched
footsteps steps
warily cautiously
tunnel tunnelling
disarming disarm
exiles exiled
exile exiled
participation involvement
booking reservation
banning ban
banning bans
verifying verification
shrinkage shrinking
tenants renters
convincing persuading
objective goal
camila camilla
dependent dependant
duped deceived
motorised motorized
hurriedly hastily
threatens threatening
encouraging heartening
plaques plates
shortcoming deficiency
reuniting reunification
launched launch
launched launches
amicable friendly
initiation commencement
unalterable immutable
accomplishments achievement
commonly usually
hairstyle hairdo
supervise supervised
stricter tighter
ovarian ovary
features peculiarities
convening summoning
kilograms kg
noticeable significant
refined refine
photo picture
create creating
photo pictures
doubtless certainly
ringing ring
learnt learned
snakes serpents
tailoring tailor
shortcomings weaknesses
unquestionably doubtless
sunk drowned
superb splendid
disadvantages handicaps
unintended unforeseen
reviews reviewed
review reviewed
destroying razing
treating treat
tighten tightening
terribly tremendously
efficiently effectively
razed destroyed
barriers impediments
purpose aim
jump leap
textbooks schoolbooks
agendas programmes
defend defending
presumption supposition
ambition aspiration
abandoned forsworn
shrieked screamed
furthermore moreover
consistent constant
trafficking traffic
enduring durable
donations grants
publish publishes
imitate mimic
regain reclaim
interiors insides
neutralization neutralizing
learn learning
immensely immeasurably
stressing underlined
stress underlined
introduces presents
avarice greed
prospects perspectives
plotters conspirators
numeric numerical
increasing raising
increase raising
increased raising
increase raise
increased raise
increasing raise
constant continued
variance difference
tellers cashiers
fall decline
allocate allot
decreases fall
rebels insurgents
contender competitor
opt choose
geological geologic
sanitary hygienic
fundamentals cornerstones
incessant ceaseless
loggers woodcutters
recruiting recruit
recruiting recruits
pledge commitment
deal dealing
helpful useful
fireplaces hearths
aboriginals natives
proclivities inclinations
tagged labelled
overtaken outstripped
adjustments alterations
vendor seller
rigging rig
grandma granny
finish finished
invalidate cancel
provider supplier
resume resuming
summoning convening
maltreated abused
impediments barriers
andrei andrey
comments remarks
destruction demolition
reaffirmed reaffirm
snapshots snapshot
threefold triple
globally worldwide
intruders trespassers
stockpiling storing
different differing
color coloring
steps actions
strengthening reinforcement
abusing mistreating
decline reduction
hilary hillary
helping assisting
nurture nurturing
carved sculptured
gainful lucrative
adapter adaptor
wholeheartedly unreservedly
useable usable
renting leasing
gather congregate
greetings salutations
appraisals reviews
destroyed destroy
excursions outings
quicker faster
suggestions hints
discontinue interrupt
stages phases
exchange interchange
transgressions offences
accomplishment attainment
expenses expense
rituals rites
bruises contusions
caesar cesar
superbly excellently
catalogue cataloguing
kidnappers hijackers
unmistakably unequivocally
carnivore carnivorous
cheaply inexpensively
bruxelles brussels
chiefly mainly
cm centimeters
cms centimeters
unshakable unswerving
annexe annex
small little
adequately suitably
transition transitioning
damaged defaced
collaborate collaborating
expelled evicted
valuation assessment
gaping yawning
typeface font
nepali nepalese
nice pleasant
injurious prejudicial
exchanging sharing
constituents electors
mailbox letterbox
handicaps disadvantages
accessible available
information info
resume resuming
hook hooked
proposes propose
terribly horribly
raising raise
legitimate rightful
dredging dredge
understanding understand
beneficial favourable
beautiful gorgeous
collaboration collaborated
collaboration collaborate
collaboration collaborating
mistakes wrongs
fax faxing
checks verifies
modification change
modification changes
jeopardized compromised
jeopardized compromise
implementation realization
climactic climatic
immersion submersion
performers artists
ranges intervals
activate activating
utilizing utilize
outings excursions
applications apps
recalls reminds
shutdown closure
starting starts
menaces threat
menaces threats
starting start
arrangement agreement
utilizes uses
moderator facilitator
affectionately fondly
verifying checking
vanishes fades
trivialities trifles
idiotic stupid
destroying ruining
chilled refrigerated
britons brits
demolition destruction
meaningless nonsensical
analyze analyzes
confront face
strewn scattered
tiny small
ponds pools
tiny smallest
erode undermine
teresa theresa
analytical analytic
little small
constructors builders
findings conclusions
effects implications
objective outcomes
objectives outcomes
delaying procrastinating
artists performers
decomposition decay
won triumphed
unwavering unshakable
adversaries opponents
garment apparel
modernism modernity
dirigible airship
canals channels
goggles glasses
fertile fruitful
pecuniary monetary
children kids
presents submits
societal social
hopeless desperate
auditory aural
calming placating
fortunately happily
resolve resolving
blended commingled
consequences impacts
insoluble unsolvable
used utilization
use utilization
commemorate commemorates
truthfully honestly
files dossiers
especially specifically
awaiting await
seamen mariners
treason betrayal
guarantees warranties
resuming resume
astounded stunned
authorisation authorization
greeted saluted
pieces slices
stunning astounding
torture torturing
favourable advantageous
suspending suspend
escaped eloped
indecisive undecided
somebody anybody
phases stages
ambiguous equivocal
reasons causes
mined mine
betting wagers
tombstone headstone
bartender barkeep
funereal funeral
criteria criterion
canned tinned
foundations fundamentals
treatments treatment
shoplifted stole
agreement arrangement
referee arbitrator
surveillance oversight
clear clearer
integrates integrate
intertwined linked
surprisingly shockingly
inadequacies imperfections
puppets marionettes
fast quick
faster quick
fastest quick
impede prevent
attainment accomplishment
unfamiliar unknown
communicated shared
communicate shared
mariners seamen
fabrication manufacture
hatch hatching
obtain gain
expeditious prompt
revulsion repugnance
calmed allayed
investigating investigate
restrict curtail
fulfilled performed
hate hatred
upholstered stuffed
teen adolescent
disagreement discord
frenzied frantic
destroys destroy
confidential classified
mg milligrams
disappear vanish
submit submitting
cooperate cooperation
deepen deepening
formulation wording
collaborative cooperatives
slapping slap
collaborative cooperative
cooperate collaborate
convert conversion
flabbergasted astonished
kuomintang kmt
potable drinkable
flabbergasted surprised
harassing pestering
carriers transporters
surrounded encircled
exceed surpass
oswaldo osvaldo
visible noticeable
monumental colossal
inquires inquiries
quick expeditious
slogans motto
timetable timeframe
slogan motto
slogans mottos
elector voter
carrying carry
consignment shipment
panels groups
panels groupings
analytic analytical
basis base
marriott marriot
automobile motor
myriad countless
filipinos philippines
causes reasons
tours tour
equipment accoutrements
equipments accoutrements
capabilities capacity
specialized specialised
neutralized offset
implementing executing
counterfeits fakes
bleeding hemorrhage
outcomes objective
outcomes objectives
dollars usd
unflinching unswerving
saluted greeted
restart relaunch
emerging emergent
reset restart
advisors councillors
advisor councillors
highlights underlines
categorize classify
sister sisters
cancelled revoke
cancel revoke
warranties guarantees
closet cupboard
steamed steam
sums amounts
remarkable extraordinary
hints suggestions
fervently passionately
reduced slashed
transporters carriers
generate generates
acknowledgement recognition
rise rising
humble modest
towing tow
protect protection
expulsion eviction
defined define
forcefully energetically
acceptable admissible
view viewing
collects gathered
centimeters cm
centimeters cms
andrey andrei
occasional casual
prudence caution
enable allow
lovable adorable
rethinking rethink
cesar caesar
eastern oriental
gentleman gentlemen
bowel intestine
secure securing
something anything
expeditious swift
mohammad mohammed
undertaking undertake
forbid prohibit
barriers impediments
perspective standpoint
unease disquiet
amend amended
expelled evicted
schulz schultz
councillors advisors
priceless inestimable
defaming slandering
scorn disdain
exceeding exceed
counselor counsellor
counselors counsellor
counselors counsellors
colossal monumental
overthrew unseated
commenced starting
harder tougher
deterioration aggravation
tumult turmoil
regarding concerning
vertebral spinal
analytical analysis
drying dry
salespeople vendors
reduced reduction
similar comparable
immobile motionless
sisters sister
demographics demographic
reformer reformist
effectiveness efficacy
pupil student
pupil students
dry drying
remarkable noteworthy
conspirators plotters
outlay expenditure
aware mindful
caution prudence
senseless mindless
blend mixture
tyre tire
flogged horsewhipped
eliminate delete
chilled refrigerated
discriminated discriminate
screenplay scenario
defeated conquered
strengthened strengthen
wheeled wheel
justifiably rightfully
related linked
choosing choose
motto slogans
motto slogan
mottos slogans
scarcer rarer
splendid brilliant
capabilities capacity
initiates launches
evicted expelled
reassuring soothing
recieve receive
initiator instigator
raise raising
shade shading
anybody somebody
children kids
chairperson chairmen
chairperson chairman
augment increasing
augment increase
augment increased
proverb adage
reversed inverted
loyal faithful
expressway motorway
dropping dipping
arresting arrest
mordecai mordechai
collaborating collaborate
displayed visualized
unswerving unfailing
finalizing settling
peaceful peace
uncover reveal
happy glad
fishers anglers
endorse endorses
unlocked unlock
allowed allow
lovable adorable
imperfections inadequacies
goodbye farewell
leasing renting
natives aboriginals
oversee supervise
coercive coercion
budgeted budget
jumped leapt
jumped leaped
grandest hugest
infuriated angered
degeneration deterioration
refuse refusing
refuses refusing
cooperate cooperation
troubling disconcerting
lie lying
dissipate dispel
tailor tailoring
bathroom toilet
deluding fooling
insert inserting
daring audacious
arduous strenuous
utilize utilizing
classify categorize
processes methods
notional theoretical
hazard risk
biological biologic
extraordinarily hugely
carnivorous carnivore
promotion advancement
beat trounced
unsteady unstable
attempts endeavours
inappropriate inopportune
face confront
implicit tacit
hazards risks
hazards risk
expressway motorway
authorised permitted
pitiless ruthless
electric electrical
serpents snakes
help supports
helps supports
formation establishment
profiling profile
worshippers believers
unlawful illicit
supremely extremely
appeal appeals
seeming apparent
penalised punished
lucidity clarity
sample sampling
samples sampling
unrealistic impractical
queue queued
near close
pays paying
pay paying
mistreated abused
rise soars
rises soars
statutory regulatory
vestige remnant
habitually usually
anger wrath
disconcerting troubling
practised practise
tremendously terribly
surprised flabbergasted
sulphuric sulfuric
arranges organizes
retain retaining
booklet brochure
swift rapid
simplified simplify
upbringing education
gathered collects
accessible approachable
provenance origin
colossal enormous
restart reset
demonstrators protestors
organizing organise
alaikum aleikum
spheres realms
perspiration sweat
incredible unbelievable
supports help
supports helps
irrelevant insignificant
comparing comparison
italian italians
hardened toughened
fallen dipped
fell dipped
inquiry investigations
inquiries investigations
inquiry investigation
important prominent
inquiries investigation
realms spheres
remarks comments
ecologically environmentally
futility uselessness
drugstores pharmacies
drowning drown
hastily hurriedly
stops stop
results findings
hire hiring
bigger larger
widen increases
salary salaries
adjacent contiguous
honestly truthfully
collaborates collaborate
screaming shrieking
express expressing
perplexing confusing
brochures pamphlets
underline underlined
classical classic
intentionally willfully
optimal optimum
ripening maturing
responsibility liability
responsibilities liability
slow sluggish
alterations adjustments
endeavors efforts
obscene indecent
indigent destitute
cease ceasing
excitement excitation
stuffed upholstered
expansion enlargement
infractions breaches
mortuary morgue
subconscious unconscious
cordless wireless
voter elector
reduce slashed
reduced slashed
transmittable communicable
avoided avoid
sorcerers warlocks
hugely extraordinarily
merge merging
renters tenants
impending upcoming
clothing garment
irrational unreasonable
trespass trespassing
amounts sums
amount sums
bridge bridges
invests invest
outstripped overtaken
exempted exempt
dialogues dialogue
unmarried unwed
choose choosing
drunk drunken
biotechnology biotech
falsifying falsification
challenges challenge
triangular trilateral
standing stands
standing stand
mistreatment maltreatment
creation inception
falsified forged
sascha sacha
rendered render
overpopulated crowded
transmittable communicable
luxuriant lush
release releasing
wonderful gorgeous
acceptable palatable
electric electrical
deficiencies imperfections
impermeable impervious
clusters grouping
audits verification
audit verification
commencement initiation
prophylactic preventative
distorted deformed
challenge challenges
insurgents rebels
dealers distributors
quickening accelerating
aware conscious
responsible liable
helicopters copters
nicholas nicolas
statistics statistical
barbarian barbarous
ruining destroying
travesty parody
wrapping wrap
escapes flees
liable accountable
pausing pause
woodlands forests
troubles hassles
astounding startling
select picks
technology technologies
respectable reputable
overcome overcoming
impediments barriers
apparel garment
clemency mercy
approves endorses
remnant vestige
uselessness futility
reachable achievable
examines examine
augmented increased
steadfast unwavering
comparison compare
drowned sunk
promoting promote
ammunition ammo
access accessed
bystanders onlookers
unsatisfied dissatisfied
helicopter chopper
thousand thousands
mainly chiefly
increase gains
increases gains
supplier provider
negotiating negotiation
negotiating negotiations
continuous ongoing
credit credits
transplanting transplantation
guaranteeing ensure
falls tumbles
fall tumbles
insinuation innuendo
evicted expelled
expand widen
submissions submission
divide dividing
sentry sentinel
effectiveness efficient
explosion detonation
disturbance disorder
betrayal treason
receiver recipient
unreasonable unwarranted
primeval primitive
disaster calamity
ends terminates
puzzled perplexed
kiln furnace
britons brits
sportsmen athletes
reduces reduce
teen adolescent
initiates starts
sudden abrupt
oversight supervision
amended amend
symmetrical symmetric
restart reset
topographic topographical
accordingly consequently
vigorously strenuously
clearness clarity
scotch scottish
km kilometers
replacement substitutions
replacements substitutions
expand expanded
fibres fiber
fibres fibers
fibre fiber
fibre fibers
usual habitual
undermine impair
infuriated angered
effective efficient
useful helpful
moldavia moldova
renovation refurbishing
men males
conscious cognizant
auditions tryouts
happily thankfully
glaring flagrant
triple threefold
hearths fireplaces
competency proficiency
dangers perils
orphaned orphans
orphaned orphan
favouring favour
diametrically totally
normal usual
attackers assailants
gratified satisfied
emphasizes stresses
dictatorial autocratic
designed designs
designed design
evaluate evaluating
distort misrepresent
contusions bruises
innuendo insinuation
tendencies inclinations
functioning operation
unforeseen unintended
menopausal menopause
overall general
vast huge
mixing mixture
mishap misadventure
electors constituents
discounts rebates
deficiencies shortcomings
unbelievably extraordinarily
dispel dissipate
puzzle riddle
warlocks sorcerers
raise increase
risks perils
mistreated abused
adolescence adolescents
prolong lengthen
conversion converting
monitoring surveillance
activating activate
tiers levels
surprising amazing
acidic acid
deceived hoodwinked
particularly specially
launches initiates
giants titans
irrelevant immaterial
graph chart
continued constant
indefatigable tireless
nutrient nutritive
exempt exempted
continuous uninterrupted
barbarian barbaric
caves cuevas
raising raise
stimulating stimulate
refill refilling
racist racial
legal juridical
care caring
evaluating evaluate
yasser yasir
energetically aggressively
bugging eavesdropping
harmless innocuous
stats statistics
mindful aware
unappealing unattractive
egoistic egotistical
registering registers
registering register
involved implicated
divorced divorces
unequaled unmatched
divorced divorce
postponement deferral
tenacious stubborn
dealers sellers
grandkids grandchildren
sufficient adequate
officials functionaries
chose choose
coordination coordinating
challenging challenge
decorate adorn
trip voyage
charting chart
portrayal depiction
steady sustained
burning combustion
methods processes
equality equity
shared common
adoptions adoption
congratulations congrats
midway halfway
feb february
prepares braces
eager keen
collaborated collaboration
collaborate collaboration
collaborating collaboration
receive receives
looting pillaging
inquiry investigation
sparked caused
thread threaded
salespeople sellers
trailblazer pioneer
bullied intimidated
tenants renters
weaponry armament
package packet
partnership partnering
partnerships partnering
wet moist
wetter moist
luxurious luxury
interplay interaction
calendars timetables
calendar timetables
typefaces fonts
bet betting
agreement arrangement
programs platforms
elimination deletion
cornerstones pillars
importation importing
harbour harbor
saviour savior
duress compulsion
prevailing prevalent
yury yuri
insignificant irrelevant
grudgingly unwillingly
unusual extraordinary
stunned astounded
brochure booklet
diagnosis diagnosing
somebody anybody
recruit recruiting
recruits recruiting
check verify
canadians canadian
apprise informs
apprise inform
animosity animus
undecided indecisive
japans japanese
japan japanese
plants facilities
supervise oversee
savior saviour
scheduling schedules
scheduling schedule
withdraw withdrawal
indispensable necessary
fall falls
facilities plants
aleksander alexander
mumbling muttering
mom mamas
moms mamas
sure convinced
meticulously scrupulously
muttering mumbling
troubling disconcerting
sami saami
communicating communication
vivid lively
actions activities
willing prepared
evaluating assessing
warmest heartiest
commenced starts
specifics peculiarities
refrigerated chilled
miscalculation misjudgment
pleasing pleasant
audacious bold
issues problems
beneficiaries beneficiary
argentine argentinean
argentines argentinean
dependable trustworthy
purification purifying
surf surfing
switching switchover
recommend recommended
closets cupboards
compromising jeopardizing
stacked stack
rebels insurgents
investigate investigating
environmentally ecologically
forcefully strongly
motionless immobile
retrieve retrieving
date dated
obliterate destroy
ridicule derision
centred focused
license licensing
licenses licensing
comprehensive extensive
luggage baggage
significance importance
crowded overpopulated
impediments barriers
recover recoup
softly gently
crafts artisans
definitive conclusive
pillars cornerstones
rehabilitate reinstate
principal main
welding weld
roofs ceilings
laptop portable
cures remedies
capacity capabilities
different distinct
portable laptop
implicates involves
shia shiites
shia shiite
perplexing baffling
isolate isolating
commencing starts
defects irregularities
conquered defeated
actively energetically
yawning gaping
imagine imagines
broadening enlarging
nikolay nikolai
harmful prejudicial
garments clothes
shouted yell
shouted yelled
focussed focus
remedy redress
micheal michael
difference variance
alarmed alarm
replying responding
venezia venice
escorted accompanied
sizes sized
size sized
cognizant conscious
salesman salespeople
salesman salesperson
reboot restart
succinctly briefly
sharply abruptly
apologizes apologize
payout payment
walk walking
unhindered unimpeded
pestering harassing
traits characteristics
proficiency competency
entertain amuse
underlines highlights
daddy papa
landlords proprietors
ensure ensuring
adolescents adolescence
vote voting
deeply gravely
advertise advertised
mostly chiefly
heartily warmly
treated processed
picks select
intimidation bullying
rites rituals
synopsis summary
retrieving retrieve
distributors dealers
toppled unseated
ruined vandalized
bruxelles brussels
cheating deception
trespassers intruders
hamper impair
considering consider
prophylactic preventative
earnestness seriousness
advice counselling
reckless irresponsible
recover recovering
glasses goggles
hijacked hijack
specifically explicitly
client customer
submerged inundated
cozy comfortable
performers artists
intimidated bullied
until till
applications apps
trusted trust
stupid idiotic
puzzles riddles
imposing dictating
lighted illuminated
imbalanced unbalanced
harsh hard
sophisticated refined
deploy deploying
dissatisfied disgruntled
suspend suspending
dislocation disorganization
infinite inexhaustible
ripe mature
performing fulfilling
gymnastics gymnastic
mixtures blends
mortally lethally
idiosyncrasies characteristics
deletion delete
unlikely improbable
overpowers defeats
shift change
aimed objective
aim objective
faded vanished
gb gigabytes
periods deadlines
refueling refuelling
unbalanced imbalanced
shortsighted myopic
remedies cures
vigor vigour
faithful loyal
leapt jumped
leaped jumped
teenagers adolescents
ultraviolet uv
kilogram kilo
smuggler trafficker
boom booming
graduate graduating
waterfalls falls
emphasize underlines
modernity modernism
toughened hardened
gains increase
gains increases
detainment detention
splendid beautiful
improper incorrect
examine examines
presents submits
judiciously sensibly
analyse analysis
use usage
savagery barbarity
citation quotation
complicated sophisticated
abandon relinquish
justified substantiated
archaeology archaeological
underlined stressing
underlined stress
verify check
uncomplicated simple
anyone anybody
cultivate cultivating
guarantees warranties
prepare prepares
info information
intervals ranges
interference meddling
emphasize emphasise
merge merging
surveillance monitoring
lethally mortally
geologic geological
violates violate
opinion opinions
loathsome disgusting
dosing dose
loveable adorable
pause pausing
onlookers bystanders
partly partially
impervious impermeable
display displaying
displays displaying
anybody anyone
focuses concentrations
displays shows
display show
displays show
display shown
display shows
aloud loudly
height altitude
expectant pregnant
skillful skilled
bridging bridge
damian damien
communicable infectious
photographing photography
mathew matthews
mathew matthew
gent ghent
incongruous inappropriate
unseated overthrew
inmate prisoner
auntie aunt
slices pieces
salaries salary
breaks interruptions
rising climbing
clergyman priest
resolutely steadfastly
kids children
blends mixtures
slotted slot
tasty delicious
unprecedented unmatched
encroachment intrusion
confusing perplexing
learned learnt
unbelievable incredible
learning learn
ceilings roofs
incredible unbelievable
encompasses includes
story tales
stories tales
powdered powder
airlines airways
destitute indigent
usually habitually
insurgent rebel
link linking
massive immense
stresses underscores
neighbor neighboring
wagers betting
toilet restroom
reinforces boosts
continual continuing
celebrated famed
levels tiers
refrigerated chilled
defeated vanquished
empathy compassion
impressive remarkable
ceremoniously solemnly
proximate immediate
organise organize
enthralling fascinating
laptop portable
elects chooses
cooperation cooperate
ensuring ensure
false erroneous
chilly cold
chilly colder
revival resurgence
sophisticated complicated
expand broadening
spilling spill
policies policy
discuss discusses
justification reason
durable enduring
trillion billion
difficult tricky
wireless cordless
males men
freezing freezes
freezing freeze
strikingly astonishingly
protect protections
unambiguous unmistakable
protect protection
dangerous risky
enquiry inquiry
joy delight
tracts parcels
tougher harder
girth circumference
flabbergasted amazed
receipt receipts
qaddafi gaddafi
showdown confrontation
equipping equip
ring ringing
upcoming next
persuading convincing
approve approves
warranties guarantees
rose increase
rise increasing
rise increased
rising increase
rose increasing
rose increased
rise increase
rising increased
replaces supersedes
perils dangers
foolhardy reckless
yell shouted
yelled shouted
repetitive repeated
recognition acknowledgement
consequently accordingly
pamphlets brochures
afghanis afghans
afghani afghans
afghanis afghan
afghani afghan
sums amounts
sums amount
marionettes puppets
defines define
restarts resets
restart reset
restarts reset
transporters carriers
slump recession
strongly resolutely
efficacious efficient
stands standing
stand standing
digestive gastrointestinal
deformed distorted
intricacies complexities
disarm disarming
threefold triple
ardently earnestly
reliable credible
eminently highly
solace comfort
penetrate permeate
overridden override
stop halt
ban banning
bans banning
wet moistened
wetted moistened
authorization authorisation
combines merge
principal major
underscores emphasizes
deficiency insufficiency
civilisations cultures
accompanied escorted
osvaldo oswaldo
researches research
appease pacify
astounded stunned
strain strains
mum mom
damien damian
allied ally
exceed surpass
structure structured
discriminate discriminated
cancelled expunged
canceled expunged
brits britons
persuasive cogent
elizabeth elisabeth
disgusting repulsive
declares declare
learnt learned
councillors advisors
councillors advisor
producers growers
aboriginal aboriginals
extraordinary remarkable
ineluctable inevitable
thrace thracian
reverse inverse
choosing choose
shrimps prawns
advertisements advertising
advertisement advertising
chechens chechnya
chechen chechnya
fake false
defeated overpowered
explain explains
revolt insurgency
continuous sustained
inundated submerged
occupant occupier
appreciative grateful
grasping grasp
impressive spectacular
yasir yasser
triumphed won
poisonous noxious
override overridden
aeroplane aircraft
burglarized robbed
pillaging looting
spokesperson spokesman
define defined
assessment assessing
faster quicker
text texts
comparison comparing
wizards magicians
distant remote
useless unnecessary
accidental coincidental
problems issues
inclinations tendencies
halfway midway
vulnerabilities foibles
desperate despairing
amazing astounding
formulate formulating
narrative narration
concentrate concentrated
concentrates concentrated
demonstrator protester
parcels tracts
reflects reflect
same selfsame
mandatory compulsory
finds discovers
looting plundering
snapshot snapshots
resisting resist
hideous odious
mm millimetres
divorces divorced
divorce divorced
proposition proposals
proposition proposal
rumania romania
initiates launches
selfsame same
surveillance monitoring
talk discussions
incapacity disability
unsolvable insoluble
discussions talk
unsuitable unfit
barbaric barbarian
understand understanding
beat overpowered
modern moderne
expand broaden
profile profiling
download downloads
sanction sanctioning
tolerate condone
particular specific
explains explain
aleikum alaikum
using use
quench quenching
using uses
recognising recognise
goals aims
neighborhood neighbourhood
reason justification
instalment installment
clarify clarification
biologic biological
unseated toppled
converge converging
wiring wire
tier level
choose chose
vigorously vehemently
resort resorting
substitutions replacement
substitutions replacements
grains cereals
terrain topography
assizes assize
stunning astounding
reports reporting
report reporting
collaboration collaborate
granddad grandpa
mogul magnate
blatant glaring
dipping dropping
powerful forceful
responsibility responsibilities
restrained restricted
tryouts auditions
affirms confirms
modelling model
milligrams mg
possession ownership
conscious cognizant
canceled cancel
briefing brief
numerous several
preacher priest
deficiency shortcoming
progressive gradual
homes dwellings
obligatory mandatory
frosting icing
resolves dissipates
hassles troubles
disruptions outages
dangerously precariously
captioned subtitled
launch launched
launches launched
neighbourhood neighborhood
neighbourhoods neighborhood
infertile barren
alien foreigner
predominantly chiefly
propensity penchant
fence fencing
plundering looting
goal objective
philippines filipinos
achievable doable
unswerving unshakable
kids children
chart graph
fails fail
swiftness speed
hacking hack
salespeople salesman
issue issuing
armament weaponry
salesperson salesman
trembling shivering
gigantic giant
conclusions findings
efficient effectiveness
proprietors landlords
boycotting boycott
rises soars
rise soars
hatred hate
candour frankness
coworkers colleagues
collaborate collaborates
acknowledgement acknowledgment
decreasing declining
desperate hopeless
redress remedy
unfailing unflinching
weave weaving
preventive preemptive
carved sculpted
argentinean argentine
argentinean argentines
submission submissions
tributes compliments
monitoring surveillance
blurred blurry
hamper impede
defeated vanquished
butchery slaughter
passengers travellers
circulate distribute
woodcutters loggers
prepared willing
competence proficiency
reasonable rational
aware conscious
rude discourteous
staffs employees
upload uploading
violate violates
downsized reduced
coalmine colliery
length duration
differing varying
tyrannical despotic
countries nationals
brave bold
impede hamper
distribute circulate
selflessness altruism
dilemma quandary
emphasizes underscores
slowing slow
supplement supplemented
embodied incarnated
appeal appealing
unaccountable irresponsible
review reviewed
salutations greetings
write writing
logistical logistic
submit submitting
excellence excellency
evacuation evacuating
shivering trembling
commendable creditable
treatment treatments
sayyed sayed
proscribed banned
suspension interruption
jeanette jeannette
redundant superfluous
campsite encampment
recognise recognising
territories territory
underlines emphasize
aborigines aboriginal
aborigines aboriginals
markedly greatly
cupboards closets
alteration changes
alteration change
birthing childbirth
separated separate
serve serving
monitoring surveillance
dismiss reject
slashed reduced
inherent innate
negotiation negotiating
hallowed sacred
negotiations negotiating
constant incessant
undermine erode
organisation organization
consolidating consolidate
credible reliable
rooster cock
garments clothing
altruism selflessness
renters tenants
defects shortcomings
remarkable significant
vanished faded
renowned famed
silence silent
quicker faster
numerous various
frightened terrified
noxious harmful
classic classical
consolidation consolidating
helpful beneficial
importance important
surprise surprising
declare declares
similarity likeness
pathways ways
usable useable
temperate moderate
withdraws withdraw
mobilization mobilizing
fantastic fabulous
mandate mandated
face confront
successes success
whores prostitutes
aboriginals natives
confirming confirm
flammable combustible
allayed calmed
destroy demolish
equip equipping
roomies roommates
pitiful pathetic
lays laying
dictating imposing
computerized computerised
selecting choosing
locally domestically
scared terrified
sellers salespeople
dismally miserably
insurgents rebels
assailants attackers
excepting except
inexhaustible infinite
haemorrhage haemorrhaging
ring rings
overcoming overcome
quotation citation
evaluation appraisal
allison alison
facilities installations
commissar commissioner
boundless endless
genetic genetics
incredibly amazingly
opt choose
opt chose
philippines filipinos
contravene violate
trucks lorries
credible plausible
reinforcing strengthening
installations facilities
worlds mundos
apathetic indifferent
encircled surrounded
overpowers beat
overpowers beats
retrieve recover
grandpa granddad
grim gloomy
despotic tyrannical
approves approve
accepts accept
custodians stewards
spurious false
deceptive deceitful
afraid fearful
volunteer voluntary
clients customers
wrap wrapping
initiate launched
initiate launch
distant faraway
exemptions immunities
identical same
scared afraid
soaked impregnated
unifying unify
pregnant expectant
endeavours attempts
bold audacious
withdraw withdraws
announces declares
pirated pirate
mogul tycoon
numerals numbers
burnt combusted
burned combusted
uncommon rare
carry carrying
adorable lovable
nikolai nikolay
concentrations focuses
distorted twisted
batons truncheons
steamed vapour
enlarge enlarged
check verify
merge combines
delays postpones
placating calming
captains skippers
iraqis iraqi
barriers constraints
barren infertile
alarming disquieting
shrieking screaming
faultless flawless
importance significance
horsewhipped flogged
refuelling refueling
main principal
chromium chrome
passionately fervently
concerning regarding
predecessors forerunners
sequenced sequence
vague imprecise
conscious aware
fencing fence
amiable friendly
pays salaries
autocratic dictatorial
constructing construct
farmers peasants
findings outcomes
neighbor neighbour
favourable conducive
noting notes
quite pretty
quick fast
quick faster
quick fastest
vigour vigor
bend bent
packaging package
occupier occupant
licensed authorized
perplexed bewildered
assessing evaluating
threaten threatening
expressly explicitly
eliminating eliminate
footing foot
displeased disgruntled
truce armistice
mom mum
frightening frightful
total totals
practise practising
unifying uniting
imperative indispensable
embroiled involved
calculate calculating
forced coerced
foot footing
nationals countries
conceptual theoretical
courier messenger
graphs chart
graphs charts
granny grandma
stressed underline
stressed underlined
stress underline
stress underlines
stresses underline
stresses underlines
terrific excellent
envoys emissaries
banners streamers
customer client
aim objectives
aims objective
aim objective
aims objectives
carved sculpted
thracian thrace
defeated trounced
rebates discounts
hazardous harmful
conscious aware
romani romany
aware conscious
aims goals
platforms programs
outlines contours
reformist reformer
broaden expand
wrong mistaken
outages disruptions
barriers roadblocks
outlawed outlaw
several numerous
mixture blend
ruin destroy
spill spilling
hastily rashly
instructions directives
fax facsimile
exchange interchange
responsibility accountability
subtitled captioned
thrilled excited
vendors sellers
seminar seminars
patrolling patrols
patrolling patrol
mum mom
reaffirms reaffirm
tightly closely
comprises encompasses
imperfections deficiencies
unrest turbulence
amazes astonishes
weight weigh
neighbouring neighbor
wrongfully unfairly
messenger courier
proper appropriate
uninterested disinterested
upcoming impending
intrude interfere
convene convening
disquiet uneasiness
experienced seasoned
unprejudiced unbiased
inverted reversed
slashed reduce
slashed reduced
converging converge
territories territory
maximise maximize
jeopardizing compromising
interaction interplay
constraints barriers
decline fell
decline fall
mamas mom
mamas moms
evaluated assessed
interfering meddling
transporting transport
transporting transports
incarnated embodied
shading shade
submitting submit
icing frosting
deleted delete
storeys floors
charmed enchanted
cancelling cancel
terrified frightened
passionate enthusiastic
existing existent
delight joy
incorrect improper
shortcomings deficiencies
idle idling
different varied
subsurface subterranean
extensive broad
extensive broader
surprising surprise
stewards custodians
equipment appliances
equipments appliances
sustained steady
weird bizarre
reopen reopened
exploring explore
aorta aortic
littered strewn
soars rise
soars rises
grumpy grouchy
timetables calendars
timetables calendar
underline stressed
underlined stressed
underline stress
underlines stress
underline stresses
underlines stresses
regs regulations
reduce reduces
intensify intensifying
climbing rising
veritable genuine
subtle delicate
importance important
portion part
portions part
inseparable integral
adorable lovable
noted observed
coldness coolness
plan schemes
plans schemes
brits britons
choose select
accelerated accelerate
yugoslav yugoslavian
magicians wizards
unfairly wrongfully
exactly precisely
arrange organize
boarders lodgers
emphatically strongly
hide hidden
exercising exercise
mohamed mohammad
grant granting
grants granting
update updating
updates updating
lodgers boarders
consolation comfort
intentional wilful
rights right
ardent passionate
disgruntled discontented
brochures pamphlets
obstacles hurdles
protesting protest
handicapped disabled
gigabytes gb
rightfully justifiably
theme topic
immutable unalterable
headquarter headquarters
correcting correct
globules corpuscles
loves adores
love adores
immunities exemptions
meddle interfere
unhealthy unsanitary
especially notably
forsworn abandoned
agreement contracts
agreement contract
commences beginnings
dim dimming
cancel cancelling
affiliated affiliate
affiliated affiliates
discharging discharge
important importance
encampment campsite
miserably dismally
famed celebrated
resolutions resolution
advisers counsellors
bewildered perplexed
officially formally
afraid scared
purchaser buyer
razing destroying
counterfeits forgeries
structure structuring
slander calumny
topics themes
mechanistic mechanical
ignited kindled
unbounded boundless
garments clothes
merge combine
constraint restriction
partially partly
color colour
expansion expanding
aim purpose
interiors inland
disconnecting disconnect
spacious roomy
communication communicating
employees staffs
dislocation disruption
warmly heartily
usd dollars
assured assure
credible trustworthy
remarkable admirable
landlords proprietors
braces prepares
menopause menopausal
loosening relaxation
assessed evaluated
decorations medals
exceedingly highly
permitting permits
permitting permit
toilet washroom
facilitator moderator
hard harsh
sampling sample
sampling samples
influential powerful
lastly finally
success successes
wizards sorcerers
artistic arts
dismisses rejects
paragraph paragraphs
leanings inclinations
voting vote
reduction reduced
balance balancing
repeated repetitive
enabling enable
brochures leaflets
affect afflict
cereals grains
servants retainers
conventional classical
homework schoolwork
schoolbooks textbooks
disconcerting unnerving
rapid speedy
underline underscore
travellers passengers
affirmed confirmed
sculpted carved
carts chariots
startled astonished
reset restart
mixtures blends
mixtures blend
medals decorations
turnout participation
count counting
counts counting
purge purging
horrifying dreadful
merchants dealers
supersedes replaces
recognises acknowledges
launched initiate
launch initiate
unintended inadvertent
zone area
consolidate consolidating
irregularities defects
engagement participation
reconditioning refurbishment
dealers merchants
enables enable
integrate integrates
significant important
reshuffle reshuffling
trillion billions
trillion billion
mammoth gigantic
estimation estimates
estimation estimate
hubris arrogance
falkland falklands
used use
awful horrific
spiraling escalating
goal objective
waterfalls falls
gloomy grim
adding add
adding adds
identify detect
expelling evicting
presume suppose
terrific fantastic
trademark trademarked
uneasiness disquiet
visualized displayed
preserve preserving
relevant pertinent
warnings cautions
recognizes acknowledges
fatally lethally
protestors demonstrators
verification audits
verification audit
forever eternally
undertake undertaking
inestimable priceless
successive subsequent
disconnection disconnecting
merging merge
unbelievable incredible
dipped fallen
dipped fell
wire wiring
jodie jodi
vagrants vagabonds
unify unifying
backgrounds origin
background origins
backgrounds origins
madeleine madeline
select choose
deaths death
roots origins
continuing continual
procrastinating delaying
restarting restart
deadlines periods
treat treating
important significant
messenger courier
texts text
jeannette jeanette
obtain attain
emphasise emphasize
emphasised emphasized
emphasise emphasized
emphasised emphasize
deadly mortal
surveillance monitoring
acquiescence consent
unreasonable irrational
joys delights
collaborating collaboration
airways airlines
restoration refurbishment
theoretical conceptual
interviewed interview
souvenirs keepsakes
riddles puzzles
customers clients
illicit unlawful
unmatched unbeatable
faster quicker
hoodwinked deceived
orphans orphaned
orphan orphaned
vagabonds vagrants
anyone anybody
forgeries counterfeits
artisans crafts
installation installing
prolonged extended
blends mixtures
blend mixtures
fundamentals foundations
tenders tendering
tender tendering
excited thrilled
thankfully happily
responsible responsibility
felicitations congratulations
affiliate affiliated
affiliates affiliated
performer artist
audacious courageous
promise promising
baggage luggage
introductory opening
activities actions
heartiest warmest
qualified skilled
lehman lehmann
wheel wheeled
based base
preliminary initial
organisation organization
pirate pirated
excellent superb
beacons lighthouses
californian california
titans giants
excite excited
rationalizing rationalization
jumping leaping
devil demon
courier messenger
authorized licensed
brussels bruxelles
astounding stunning
catalogue catalog
greeting saluting
nonsensical ludicrous
truthfully honestly
elaborated developed
ensure guaranteeing
merchandise commodity
damian damien
revise revision
operation functioning
insulating insulation
advice guidance
maximize maximise
photos photo
subtleties niceties
cms centimetres
cm centimetres
lighthouses beacons
hives beehives
disc disk
anywhere everywhere
focus focussed
explicable explainable
verify check
analyze analyzing
calibration calibrating
credo creed
threats perils
feverish fevered
endorses approves
maximise maximize
necessary requisite
trace tracing
bound destined
banned proscribed
ban proscribed
betrayals treasons
consumption consuming
fulfilling performing
rational sensible
disagreement dissension
competitor rival
exhilaration excitement
mueller muller
righteous virtuous
odious abhorrent
mighty powerful
lowers reduces
aortic aorta
prostitutes whores
peculiarities features
mens males
alternatively conversely
utilised utilized
treasons betrayals
verifying checking
restart reboot
etched engraved
separate segregated
forbid ban
encompasses comprises
quicker faster
gastrointestinal digestive
turbulence unrest
purging purge
preserving safeguarding
negligent negligence
baptized christened
appraisal evaluation
thoughts ideas
classical traditional
inclinations leanings
producers growers
trafficker smuggler
altitude height
disinterested uninterested
congratulations felicitations
analyse analyses
apologize apologizes
tabled tables
contours outlines
chart graphs
stricken affected
charts graphs
negroes niggers
racial racist
prepared braced
irretrievably irreversibly
farming agriculture
crushed pulverized
undeniably certainly
patently clearly
peril danger
saluting greeting
voluntary volunteer
falls waterfalls
emphasise emphasize
collaborating cooperating
ceasing cease
adornments trimmings
skilled qualified
tough hard
prawns shrimps
font typeface
collecting collects
collecting collect
horrific gruesome
replacements surrogates
clothes garments
protesters protestors
corpuscles globules
sphere area
sphere areas
analyses analyse
logistics logistical
armed weapons
deformity malformation
reducing slashing
possibility possibilities
smells scents
sculpted carved
countrywide nationwide
startled astonished
undercover covert
webs networks
acquire acquiring
origin backgrounds
origins background
origins backgrounds
dangerous serious
exceptional excellent
quietness tranquility
organise organizing
astonished startled
diagnosis diagnose
rapid expeditious
iraqi iraqis
guidelines guideline
charged indicted
prepares prepare
smarter cleverer
covert undercover
teller cashier
complaining griping
confirmed affirmed
demon devil
earnings profits
tales story
tales stories
brief briefing
restore restoring
anxious eager
permitted authorised
ongoing continuous
logistic logistical
readable legible
transporting carrying
groupings groups
grouping group
groupings group
grouping groups
sterilisation sterilization
practising practise
recompense compensation
worries disturbs
records recordings
record recordings
record recording
records recording
anybody anyone
unloading unload
continuing continue
costal coastal
capture capturing
captures capturing
grouchy grumpy
organization organisation
explainable explicable
conversely alternatively
keepsakes souvenirs
greed avarice
accept accepting
makeshift improvised
barriers obstacles
choose chosen
worst lousiest
growers producers
precautionary preventative
compulsory mandatory
clothing garments
modifying modify
helps aid
help aid
compose comprise
coolness coldness
unidentified unnamed
grains cereals
housewife homemaker
andrej andrei
peasants farmers
tilted inclined
detecting detect
regulatory statutory
pathetic pitiful
peking beijing
death deaths
strains strain
incredibly unimaginably
pamphlet booklet
hurried hastened
cap capping
assize assizes
paths routes
negotiate negotiating
promote promotion
intriguing riveting
surveillance supervisory
declining decreasing
incongruous inconsistent
homes dwellings
defeating conquering
mixture mixing
ideas thoughts
curb restrict
register registered
positive favourable
motor automobile
great terrific
caps chaps
bills invoices
satisfaction gratification
unwillingly grudgingly
marriot marriott
counterfeiting falsification
swearing swear
conclusive compelling
muffler silencer
evicting expelling
collaboration collaborating
banishment deportation
commemorate celebrate
swelling swell
secret covert
quicker swifter
implicated involved
advocate advocating
underscores stresses
proprietors landlords
defaced damaged
beginners novices
muslims moslems
liver hepatic
remarkable noticeable
heaters furnaces
qualified skilled
effendi efendi
conveniences comforts
preachers orators
goal objective
images photos
loathsome odious
aliens strangers
moist damper
marrying marry
moist damp
deferral deferment
limits limiting
limit limiting
adverse harmful
commingled blended
hazardous dangerous
scots scottish
salary remuneration
deficiencies irregularities
improvement betterment
improvements betterment
rude impolite
guarantee warranty
tubes pipes
dimming dim
double doubles
lichtenstein liechtenstein
materialization realization
isolating isolate
fantastic terrific
males mens
delights joys
pilot piloted
try attempts
tries attempts
beehives hives
contented satisfied
beliefs convictions
treasured cherished
pamphlets brochures
eloped escaped
thrifty frugal
stop stops
initial preliminary
arrest arresting
facsimile fax
sized size
sized sizes
tribute homage
envision envisage
niggers negroes
aunt auntie
pipes tubes
hemorrhaging haemorrhage
remarkable impressive
compare comparison
finance financial
urged urge
urged urges
gestation pregnancy
whatever whichever
social societal
creed credo
conducting conduct
conducting conducts
reviewing revisit
review revisit
fosters stimulates
appallingly frighteningly
portable laptop
mistreating abusing
reduction decline
gravitation gravity
compare comparison
forerunners predecessors
attacker aggressor
aboriginal native
unjustified groundless
idle idling
warlike belligerent
novices beginners
slower slowing
slow slowing
homes domicile
schemes plan
schemes plans
adolescents teenagers
dossiers files
enable enabling
recover retrieve
mordechai mordecai
untouchable inviolable
displeased discontented
expressing express
relevant pertinent
skippers captains
egoistic selfish
unparalleled unique
lingo jargon
interruptions breaks
exempts exempt
astonishes amazes
subjects themes
maximize maximise
flawless faultless
exempted absolved
persons individuals
misunderstanding incomprehension
organize organizing
themes topics
inland interiors
trousers pants
astonished flabbergasted
flooded submerged
review examination
rachid rashid
strengthen strengthened
strive seek
destroy destroyed
escalated escalate
explore exploring
kindled ignited
release released
releases released
richer wealthier
stagnation recession
answers replies
hostess stewardess
bridging bridge
tombs graves
licensed authorised
photos images
nationwide countrywide
furnaces heaters
acceleration accelerating
alarmingly disturbingly
skilled qualified
inevitable ineluctable
haemorrhaging haemorrhage
diagnosing diagnose
recreation recreational
general overall
slow slowing
acid acidic
chosen choose
allocation allotment
arms weapons
strangers aliens
promising promise
emancipated emancipate
unnaturally abnormally
unresolved outstanding
condemning condemn
vapour steamed
astonished startled
inventive creative
text texts
charged indicted
rationalize rationalized
eavesdropping bugging
utilized utilised
nonsense nonsensical
evolution development
counterfeiting falsifying
emissaries envoys
conscious aware
carrier transporter
ways pathways
authorise authorize
damien damian
available accessible
discontented displeased
booklet pamphlet
abandon renounce
perils risks
vocabulary lexicon
slot slotted
indigenous aboriginal
barbarity savagery
rethink rethinking
newspaper newspapers
nonsensical nonsense
standstill stalemate
reminds recalls
manuals handbook
celebrating celebrate
recreational recreation
dialogue dialogues
deidre deirdre
imported import
imported imports
shortcomings defects
barriers constraints
challenge challenging
challenges challenging
mother mom
leaflets brochures
master masters
energetically strongly
tsar czar
funeral burial
suspenders braces
spokesman spokesperson
complete finishes
reprieve respite
clearly definitely
neighbour neighbor
thorough comprehensive
comforts conveniences
pardoning pardon
domains spheres
vandalized ruined
enlarging expanding
gruesome horrendous
hurried hastened
adequate sufficient
missed miss
gimmick trick
routes paths
salaries pays
ornament decoration
obstacles barriers
honestly truthfully
propitious conducive
intrusion encroachment
uploading downloading
areas zone
area zone
proximity closeness
responding replying
speedy quick
serious dangerous
construct constructing
persistent continuous
counsellors advisers
pay remuneration
earmark allocate
fates destinies
fate destinies
exercise exercising
starts launches
networks webs
aviators airmen
endeavor endeavour
nefarious heinous
cognizant aware
investigation inquiry
billion trillion
present presented
underlines emphasizes
interfering tampering
selects select
stubborn tenacious
swift quick
scents smells
celebrate commemorate
programme programs
programme program
revolt rebellion
interchange exchange
thorough exhaustive
heighten increased
heighten increasing
heighten increase
christened baptized
divided riven
continuance continuity
begging beg
urging urge
allowable admissible
advisor counsellor
adolescent adolescence
sweat perspiration
bizarre weird
regulations regulation
permanently perpetually
convoluted intricate
chairmen chairperson
chairman chairperson
attentively closely
discharge discharging
constantly incessantly
collaborative collaboration
assemblage assembly
alarm alarmed
domestically locally
involve involving
priest preacher
irreversibly irretrievably
rented rent
shouting yelling
converting conversion
degeneration degeneracy
require required
offers affords
maternity motherhood
idling idle
unlock unlocked
writing write
broadening enlarging
significant sizeable
cautions warnings
outstanding excellent
integral inseparable
specific special
opposed oppose
gyptians gypsies
engraved etched
archived archive
serving serve
network networking
gladly happily
infidels unbelievers
diagnose diagnosing
inhale breathe
southerly southern
authorize authorise
vanquished defeated
adoption adoptions
erupts erupt
east eastward
integral integrated
flagrant glaring
convictions beliefs
continuously incessantly
forged falsified
hosted host
freshly newly
symmetric symmetrical
surprised astounded
troubles disorders
macao macau
poitiers poitier
responses response
tiers levels
starts starting
start starting
imaginative innovative
courageous audacious
obstacles hurdles
constraints barriers
perplexed puzzled
barrier impediment
pledge pledging
despised scorned
canadian canadians
stimulating stimulate
boycott boycotting
navigators mariners
store shop
dangerous hazardous
covert clandestine
criminals felons
altered amended
appropriate proper
likely probable
mitigating mitigate
billing bill
retainers servants
fled eloped
useable usable
rectitude righteousness
analyzing analysing
overpowered defeated
amazed flabbergasted
unattractive unappealing
inherently fundamentally
eliminate eliminating
outbound outgoing
slacks pants
annex annexe
sizeable considerable
limitations weaknesses
pardon pardoning
groups clusters
soars rises
soars rise
involving implicating
calming pacifying
unintended unplanned
sellers dealers
beautiful splendid
leaping jumping
hijack hijacked
examination review
indigenous aboriginal
flooded submerged
supervisory surveillance
berkeley berkley
prosperous wealthy
unlucky unfortunate
rebuilding reconstructing
crib cribbing
extended prolonged
compute computing
dies died
die died
favored preferred
bookshops bookstore
bookshops bookstores
bookshop bookstore
dictatorial authoritarian
meantime meanwhile
bullying intimidating
remuneration pay
grandpa grandfather
beg begging
cleverer smarter
emancipate emancipated
dissipates resolves
wrongfully incorrectly
administering administer
breathing respiratory
consonant consistent
osborne osbourne
insufficient deficient
excellent exceptional
indispensable imperative
replies answers
michael micheal
aortic aorta
resulting result
unfailing unflinching
tumbles falls
tumbles fall
persevering persistent
unswerving unflinching
appointment appointing
erupt erupts
fingerprinting fingerprint
fingerprinting fingerprints
aorta aortic
girl girls
bleak sombre
colour color
discontented disgruntled
admissible allowable
yassir yasir
paid paying
prohibit forbid
directives instructions
resolved dissipated
poisonous venomous
scorned despised
stunning surprising
blimp dirigible
kidnapped kidnap
packaging packing
fragile brittle
geology geological
divorcing divorce
replied response
reply response
responsibility duty
ismael ismail
holistic comprehensive
protects protect
goal objective
learned learnt
ruins rubbles
appoint appoints
harmful adverse
underscore emphasise
lavatory toilet
reduce decrease
stimulate stimulating
aboriginal indigenous
topic themes
topics themes
airmen aviators
impregnated soaked
cognizant aware
unambiguous clear
covenants pacts
tables tabled
outlines lineaments
bloated inflated
damper moist
damp moist
traumatic traumatizing
barbaric barbarity
whores harlots
extremely tremendously
color coloured
undeniable incontestable
okay alright
transition transitioning
rejected rejects
rejected reject
encompasses covers
basis base
unbeatable unstoppable
magnificence grandeur
mentoring mentor
mentoring mentors
truncheons batons
present presenting
calming soothing
definitions definition
cuts reductions
transporter carrier
terrified scared
clusters groupings
findings results
holders proprietors
confirm confirming
replace replaced
surprised startled
unify unified
traumatizing traumatic
tomb grave
dual doubles
dual double
excellent outstanding
huge significant
dismisses rejects
attack attacks
deportations expulsion
deportation expulsion
kidnapping hijack
kidnap hijack
attempts try
attempts tries
attempt try
barbarism savagery
urge urging
highlighting highlight
undoubtedly doubtless
harbor harbour
technologies technology
servile subservient
conquering defeating
preposterous nonsensical
unbelievers infidels
cereals grains
treacherous perfidious
nutritive nutritional
yelling shouting
bangers firecrackers
abductor kidnapper
sorting sort
priorities priority
smiling grinning
residents resident
certify certifying
observed noted
gains obtains
advisers counsellors
adviser counsellors
unknown unfamiliar
thoughtless reckless
trounced beat
management governance
pertaining relating
practise practised
unequaled unrivalled
enormously greatly
hazardous dangerous
gains rise
gains rises
gains rose
krakow cracow
markedly remarkably
pupils schoolchildren
indicated indicate
dumped jettisoned
silencer muffler
burma myanmar
interwoven intertwined
preventative preemptive
deploy deployed
destinies fates
destinies fate
sculpting sculpture
afterward subsequently
weaknesses limitations
responsible responsibility
cribbing crib
employees servants
adolescent teenager
hurried hasty
difficulty trouble
riveting intriguing
wearing wear
sabre saber
horrifying gruesome
vanquished defeated
efficient effectiveness
hate hatred
wishing wish
powder powdered
budget budgeted
counsellors advisers
counsellors adviser
defeating overpowering
belly stomach
transitional transient
mohammad mohamed
fevered feverish
lofty noble
continuously constantly
hastened hurried
exempt exempts
upholding uphold
exceedingly immensely
burden burdening
inconsequential trivial
locking locks
locking lock
appeals appeal
smart clever
smarter clever
compile compiling
facsimile fax
intimidating bullying
thesis dissertation
despised scorned
combine merge
handbook guide
spheres domains
virtuous righteous
store storing
embellish beautify
choose select
groundbreaking innovative
patrols patrolling
patrol patrolling
rubbish trash
transferred transfer
transferred transfers
emphasize emphasise
emphasized emphasised
emphasized emphasise
emphasize emphasised
colossal huge
weaving weave
orators preachers
unlawful illegitimate
commencement beginning
drown drowning
firecrackers bangers
blasting blast
constitute constitutes
lively vivid
deceptive fraudulent
travelers traveller
traveler traveller
ally allied
traveler travellers
travelers travellers
attempted endeavored
fundamentals foundations
expunged cancelled
expunged canceled
focussed orientated
focused orientated
tired fatigued
synchronisation synchronization
arrange organize
sterilization sterilisation
yourselves yourself
cooperatives collaborative
cooperative collaborative
constructing construct
booklet pamphlet
impolite rude
osbourne osborne
timeline timetable
trickery deceit
chart charting
sorcerers wizards
reduction reduce
deformed malformed
beating overpowering
blizzards snowstorms
rejected forsworn
excellency excellence
brave valiant
significant notable
outcomes results
banality triviality
reservation booking
unavoidable inevitable
larger bigger
paying paid
scrapping dismantling
restart reset
referencing references
referencing reference
vastly greatly
casket coffin
auntie aunt
harmful hazardous
heretofore hitherto
unflinching unfailing
romany romani
disorders troubles
unusual exceptional
deleted expunged
result resulting
booklet brochure
weaknesses deficiencies
envisaged envisage
meddling interfering
stinking stinky
special extraordinary
roadblocks barriers
odious hideous
define defines
rental lease
false fake
appliances equipment
appliances equipments
nearer closer
scorned despised
resources funds
danger jeopardy
horrible gruesome
near nearer
duration length
basis foundations
rearing upbringing
extraordinary special
emulate replicate
giant gigantic
gains profits
crossed cross
mindful aware
invoices bills
ghastly horrible
siva shiva
deficiencies weaknesses
fixed immutable
hated loathes
hate loathes
hates loathes
breaks ruptures
enlargement enlarging
fall decline
staffing staff
serve serving
select choose
illustrates shows
conversion converting
reveal revealing
alright okay
pacts covenants
frozen freeze
swell swelling
unfavorable adverse
niceties subtleties
copies copy
bothersome troublesome
exploit utilise
harmonize harmonizing
modify modifying
collaboration collaborative
bold brave
primal primitive
odious obnoxious
defeating vanquishing
available accessible
implacable relentless
homage tribute
aliens foreigners
restrain curb
enthusiastic passionate
dangerous hazardous
corrupted corrupt
perpetual permanent
native aboriginal
texts text
destitute impoverished
captured capture
chairwoman chairperson
eliminate elimination
choose choosing
onset beginning
remnants vestiges
superfluous redundant
speciality specialties
specialities specialties
speciality specialty
specialities specialty
prohibit forbid
adopting adopt
compute computing
honour honouring
cabling cable
guidance advice
doubles dual
double dual
lorries trucks
cracow krakow
legible readable
bombay mumbai
amazed astonished
conspicuous prominent
randomly haphazardly
friend friends
campesinos peasants
baffled perplexed
required require
falls waterfalls
logging felling
manifest apparent
comfy comfortable
resorting resort
intestine bowel
examine investigate
imagines imagine
qualms misgivings
clothes garments
banned prohibited
garments clothes
inoffensive harmless
trivial insignificant
import imported
shrinking shrinkage
imports imported
freezes freezing
freeze freezing
steal stole
misgivings qualms
withdraw withdrawal
withdraw withdrawals
variant variation
dose dosing
submitted presented
blast blasting
analyzing analysis
confused bewildered
restrict confine
falsifying counterfeiting
everywhere anywhere
bind binding
sombre bleak
verify check
pants trousers
friends friend
loathsome abhorrent
depend rely
shaky precarious
authorizing authorize
upland highland
mom mum
goals objectives
blasts explosions
blasts explosion
blast explosions
blast explosion
unsafe insecure
repudiate reject
rise hikes
rises hikes
unload unloading
boy boys
pamphlet booklet
various numerous
protective protection
griping complaining
enchanted charmed
extraordinarily unbelievably
sailor seamen
sailor seaman
practice practicing
bracelets bangles
shut closing
shut close
destabilization instability
protecting safeguarding
finishes complete
supervision surveillance
alarming appalling
hastened hurried
participation engagement
growers producers
serious grievous
spending expenditures
stresses underlines
terribly extraordinarily
ensure guaranteeing
steam steamed
streamers banners
dwellings homes
brussels bruxelles
accessible available
papa dad
preserving preserve
downloading uploading
hinted insinuated
girls girl
overpowered beat
surveillance supervision
soothing calming
abolition abolish
annul revoke
paths route
paths routes
coding code
mariners navigators
considerably vastly
chaps caps
insistently persistently
rare uncommon
snowstorms blizzards
anan annan
vastly tremendously
disturbs worries
rubbles ruins
liberate emancipate
offers delivers
changing change
recipient receiver
recession stagnation
underlined stressed
congratulates commends
remarkably markedly
option alternative
option alternatives
ladies madams
pictures photograph
picture photograph
promotion advancement
pagans heathens
deferred postponed
disruption dislocation
stresses underscores
chaired chair
authorised licensed
muslims moslems
respiratory breathing
cursing curse
pleasant pleasing
croker crocker
voluntary volunteer
idealize romanticize
abdul abdel
impairs undermines
indefatigable untiring
accretion accumulation
certificate certification
obstruct block
draining drain
subsequent successive
vain futile
muhammed muhammad
unnecessary unneeded
discourteous rude
responsibilities responsibility
mine mined
terrible dire
nowhere anywhere
themes subjects
abdel abdul
cool cooling
deployed deploy
precisely exactly
commingled blended
stifle suppress
paolo paulo
perils threats
totality entirety
programs programme
program programme
register registered
perez peres
cracks crevices
response responses
opening introductory
ovens furnaces
wealthier richer
individuals persons
rallying rally
moistened wet
braced prepared
moistened wetted
dependable trustworthy
captioning subtitling
visible perceptible
besiege besieging
degrading degrade
bn billion
bn billions
reset restart
responds respond
spurious fallacious
handbook manuals
demographic demographics
chase chasing
kg kilogram
rmb renminbi
interrogates probes
aforementioned above
coupons vouchers
heaven paradise
continuous persistent
addressing address
addressing addresses
goes disappears
alternatives surrogates
launches starts
adventurous audacious
consider considering
kuo guo
abandon abandoned
diseases maladies
stalemate standstill
regulation regulations
permits permitting
permit permitting
amazed astounded
carving sculpting
anywhere nowhere
asked ask
brochure booklet
cores nuclei
strongly vehemently
details minutiae
outlaw outlawed
portable laptop
needless unnecessary
earnest sincere
grandma granny
enhancing enhance
fallacious false
rejects spurns
irregularities deficiencies
hereafter hereinafter
justified legitimate
cookies biscuits
billion bln
luminosity brightness
fast quick
catalog catalogue
themes topic
chooses elects
themes topics
unparalleled unequaled
homes lodgings
skewed distorted
compassion empathy
honouring honour
mitigate mitigating
long lengthy
perpetually constantly
stirring agitating
desiccated dehydrated
distorted skewed
organization organisation
confirms affirms
yuri yury
positive favourable
banding band
unsupervised unattended
apps applications
awaits await
tampering interfering
manufacture fabrication
muhammad mohammad
developed elaborated
bidding bids
bidding bid
elimination eradication
falling tumbling
collects collecting
collect collecting
urge urged
contraction shrinkage
urges urged
focused centred
cooling cool
shift changes
shift change
peculiarities specifics
slashing reducing
stack stacked
despite notwithstanding
incarcerate detain
irresponsible reckless
tenacious persistent
hillary hilary
deterioration degeneration
roommates roomies
reject dismiss
hues shades
await awaits
advancement promotion
postponed deferred
disorder disturbance
nationwide countrywide
intertwined interwoven
shop store
closer nearer
hard tough
paulo paolo
inspecting inspect
allows enables
available accessible
uprightness righteousness
dehydrated desiccated
haphazardly randomly
stalled deadlocked
installation installations
goal objective
tracing trace
disdain scorn
juveniles minors
receipt receipts
confine restrict
collaborative cooperation
remote distant
surrogates replacements
groupings clusters
decreased diminished
unpleasant nasty
conscientiously seriously
saber sabre
results outcomes
tomas thomas
hinder inhibit
tremendous extraordinary
refreshing refresh
sizing size
enhance enhancing
hardships tribulations
perpetrate commit
bogus false
papa daddy
abhorrent odious
frigid icy
improvised makeshift
despicable vile
amazing fantastic
loved adored
prudent careful
happily luckily
excellently superbly
grandeur magnificence
terrible horrifying
appalling alarming
mad insane
carrying transporting
amended altered
limits bounds
discharged discharge
correcting correction
misadventure mishap
swifter quicker
route paths
routes paths
reduces lowers
discrepancy disagreement
underscores stresses
dissertation thesis
rallies marches
remuneration salary
huge vast
indifference apathy
barrier hindrance
teenager adolescent
pots saucepans
starts launches
start launches
spots stains
display show
unanimity consensus
fierce intense
savagery barbarism
antiquated archaic
postpones postpone
model modelling
unplanned unforeseen
catalonian catalonia
sellers vendors
correcting correct
sensibly judiciously
entry entrance
officials staffers
grandfather grandpa
applying apply
braces suspenders
accountable answerable
doubtlessly undoubtedly
retrieve recover
charges fees
groundless unwarranted
slowing slower
slowing slow
strewn littered
arse ass
deirdre deidre
explores explore
accessible available
respiration breath
incentive inducement
curator conservator
appraisals evaluations
functionaries officials
misdemeanors misdemeanour
wireless cordless
redundant unnecessary
momentous significant
conservator curator
armament arming
fascinating enthralling
foibles vulnerabilities
emanuel emmanuel
whisky whiskey
dolores delores
rare scarce
interfere intrude
blue bleu
fundamentals basics
certification certificate
barbarity barbaric
mustapha mustafa
change modification
changes modification
inner interior
transmit transmitting
best nicest
focused focussed
expand expansion
moslems muslims
simultaneously concurrently
modified changed
shyness timidity
disk disc
trade traded
rely depend
restart restarting
felling logging
found unearthed
bigger grander
outgoing outbound
skilled skilful
necessary indispensable
focus focusing
focuses focusing
charts graphs
rise gains
rises gains
rose gains
grinning smiling
used use
used uses
arms armament
engagement involvement
wonderful marvellous
grants concessions
escalates escalate
supervision oversight
nutritious nutritive
binding bind
contact contacting
increase raise
destroying destruction
noxious injurious
fees charges
malformation deformity
groups clusters
clarification clarifying
clarification clarify
subtitling captioning
disabled handicapped
tip tipping
trilateral triangular
concrete tangible
flows streams
heathens pagans
flagrantly grossly
foundations basis
odd curious
thrilling exciting
aware cognizant
schoolchildren pupils
introductions presentations
cock rooster
fell decline
fall decline
reductions cuts
drops dips
link bound
linked bound
links bound
decreases lessens
unnecessary useless
worried disturbed
confirm confirmed
mariana marianas
classify classified
defection desertion
ibn bin
keen eager
unstoppable unbeatable
lady ladies
waver wavering
boosting boost
km kilometre
porch veranda
leila leyla
picture photo
pictures photo
coffins caskets
trounced defeated
fallacious spurious
chariots carts
competitors challengers
emphasis focuses
emphasis focus
streams flows
combusted burnt
combusted burned
intricate convoluted
idling idle
eviction deportation
ludicrous nonsensical
assign allocate
synchronize synchronization
impasse stalemate
appoints appoint
levels grades
intent purpose
oversight supervision
installations installation
dispute disputing
charming enchanting
focussed focused
trust trusting
compelling convincing
triviality banality
romanticize idealize
combination conjunction
concrete specific
kiln oven
useable serviceable
forbidden prohibited
backward backwards
billed invoices
billed invoice
terse concise
above aforementioned
faster quicker
hasan hassan
widen broaden
penetrate enter
prepare prepares
silent silence
strangely bizarrely
minors juveniles
reproduce reproducing
investigation probe
ruins rubbles
owing due
really truly
observing observe
recommends recommend
prepares prepare
enormously immeasurably
usage utilization
regulations bylaws
greatly enormously
accoutrements equipment
accoutrements equipments
borrowing borrow
photo photography
defeats beats
shiva siva
prisoner inmate
furnaces ovens
cite mention
reproducing reproduce
separate separated
carl karl
usable useable
nonsensical preposterous
marry marrying
succinct concise
adores loves
adores love
arrange organize
vouchers coupons
fake counterfeit
graphs charts
unforeseen unplanned
circumspect prudent
mum mom
client customer
unattended unsupervised
smells odors
houses dwellings
utilization used
utilization use
ongoing continual
solely exclusively
holders proprietor
partnering partnership
manual handbook
transmitting transmit
eliminate eliminated
funded bankrolled
speed velocity
disconcerting troubling
continued continuing
everybody everyone
ghandi gandhi
rudolph rudolf
theoretical notional
odious loathsome
accessible available
inhibit hamper
supper dined
objective aimed
objective aim
proscribed banned
proscribed ban
awaiting await
adaptable flexible
quick rapidly
stole steal
wrongfully falsely
collaborate collaboration
collaborates collaboration
groups panels
ancestry origin
certificates testimonies
statistics stats
replaces replace
undefined indefinite
proprietors holders
coloured color
advancement promotion
learnt learn
basis base
attackers aggressors
deaths death
forthwith immediately
foreigner alien
everyone everybody
spaceship spacecraft
servants employees
gravity gravitation
hesitancy indecision
submits presents
scent smells
scent smell
investigates investigate
negligent careless
aim purpose
magnate mogul
organize organise
azam azzam
coercion coercive
cancelled annulled
peaceful peace
horrific frightening
newspapers newspaper
prejudicial damaging
amity friendship
highland upland
escalating spiraling
stewardess hostess
printemps springs
seamen sailor
seaman sailor
organize arrange
truly really
astonished amazed
monitoring surveillance
compelling conclusive
illnesses maladies
colliery coalmine
simplify streamline
boosting strengthening
rooms room
eradicate eradicating
trivial inconsequential
accelerate accelerated
challenging challenge
challenging challenges
networking networks
networking network
clusters groups
brackets supports
proper appropriate
confirmed confirm
douse extinguish
information info
extracted extract
extracted extracts
vacancy vacant
dissipated allayed
spectacles eyeglasses
frightening horrific
breached breach
favorite preferred
marvellous wonderful
found unearthed
find unearthed
obnoxious odious
unlimited unbounded
reopening reopen
attainment realization
profits earnings
vastly enormously
choosing choose
close closing
closer closing
review examination
reviews examination
reviewing examination
premise assumption
commends congratulates
magnitude extent
shares exchanges
shows displays
show display
show displays
shown display
shows display
merchandise goods
ritual rite
sculpting carving
tipping tip
vestiges remnants
dissociate separate
pontiff pope
surprising stunning
accused indicted
trimmings adornments
betrayer traitor
masai maasai
several many
corpses cadavers
pulverized crushed
lively vibrant
monies funds
accept accepts
nurturing nurture
gains acquires
try attempt
evict expel
reconfigure reconfiguration
perplexed baffled
retrieve recover
wrongfully improperly
essential pivotal
mln million
mln millions
amazed astounded
shows displays
fixed fix
estimates estimating
estimate estimating
infrequent rare
notebook laptop
beneficial helpful
serviceable useable
dung manure
absolved exempted
client customer
compliments tributes
clothes garments
artist performer
accountable liable
agreeable acceptable
stimulate stimulating
rigour rigor
index indexed
stink stench
change changing
insecure unsafe
completely fully
restart reset
utility usefulness
arrogance hubris
lying lie
annul cancel
innards insides
advertised advertise
laborious difficult
foreigners aliens
shrewd clever
commodity merchandise
secret confidential
caskets coffins
hazards perils
moderator facilitator
reconfirm affirm
promotion promoted
promotion promote
peculiar particular
celebrate celebrating
package packaging
reintegrate reintegration
protestors protesters
clarity lucidity
combustible inflammable
backwards backward
flees escapes
delores dolores
ceremony ceremonies
dined supper
disarmament disarming
sensible rational
quran koran
capped ceiling
printemps springs
capture captured
briefly succinctly
continuously continually
contravene breaches
contravene breach
cancel abolish
cancelled abolish
deletion abolition
exciting thrilling
timeline timeframe
babies babes
ask asked
projected forecasted
compulsion duress
organisers organizer
organiser organizer
organisers organizers
terrific splendid
subservient servile
gaps shortcomings
lousiest worst
detect detecting
increase rose
increasing rise
increased rise
increase rising
increasing rose
increased rose
increase rise
increased rising
cheating swindling
edmund edmond
ladies mesdames
collaborate work
collaborate works
daybreak dawn
sallah salah
aliens foreigners
prominent conspicuous
negotiating negotiate
objective goal
specific concrete
pants panties
patently blatantly
massoud masood
honored honoured
luckily happily
declares proclaims
results outcome
resulted outcome
result outcome
greatly markedly
gunfight shootout
demons fiends
bizarrely strangely
untrue false
recollection remembrance
precarious perilous
aware cognizant
cows cattle
marvellous splendid
use used
pernicious harmful
recover retrieve
quickly quick
recorded records
indignation exasperation
astounded amazed
hikes rise
hikes rises
responses response
mongolian mongol
mongolian mongols
cannabis marijuana
investigations inquiry
investigations inquiries
investigation inquiry
investigation inquiries
frequency frequencies
synchronization synchronisation
organizer organisers
organizer organiser
organizers organisers
miss missed
investigates investigating
solemnly ceremoniously
unbiased unprejudiced
however nevertheless
photo photos
thousands thousand
quiet tranquil
authorised approved
downsizing reduction
reinaldo reynaldo
allayed dissipated
perfidious treacherous
pardon amnesty
grandfather granddad
mushrooms fungi
happily willingly
unsolved outstanding
forage foraging
guided guide
grams g
braking brake
mohammad muhammad
combat fight
graduated graduate
graduated graduates
reactivated reactivate
disastrous ruinous
surrender capitulation
insurgency revolt
trustworthy dependable
surplus excess
conspicuous obvious
iniquitous unfair
correct correcting
promotion advancement
enables allows
dispatching dispatch
odors smells
huge gigantic
reduce lessen
reduced lessen
reducing lessen
disables disable
sealer sealant
topic theme
hussain hussein
rises hikes
rise hikes
mobilise mobilize
babes babies
supposition hypothesis
accountability responsibilities
accountability responsibility
scenario screenplay
investigate examine
crimes offenses
janitor doorman
wonderful remarkable
boys boy
aggressively actively
networking network
analysis analyses
analysis analyse
analysis analysed
preparing bracing
offices bureaus
joking joke
fungi mushrooms
stresses underlines
cashier teller
elimination eliminate
elimination eliminating
cm centimeters
desertion defection
misguided wrong
dissipated resolved
variation variant
dwellings homes
quicker faster
adrenaline epinephrine
quick swift
overblown exaggerated
hides conceals
moldova moldavia
astounded amazed
revitalizing revitalize
hidden concealed
burial funeral
definition definitions
blockading blockade
wrongs false
expenditures spending
expenditure spending
eloped fled
growing burgeoning
inflammable combustible
simplify streamline
inviolable untouchable
reject repudiate
hiring hire
endeavored attempted
home household
describe describes
rapid swift
rubbles ruins
accused indicted
merged combined
muller mueller
ploy stratagem
opulence affluence
harlots whores
steady steadily
submerged flooded
collaborate collaboration
applicants seekers
consolation solace
resist resisting
absolve exonerate
hearings auditions
solved resolved
furnaces boilers
counterfeiting counterfeit
embattled beleaguered
introduce introducing
regenerating regeneration
tribulations hardships
captive captives
beleaguered embattled
computing compute
captives captive
impure unclean
impractical impossible
vortex maelstrom
terence terrence
restoring restore
ceiling capped
homes fireplaces
hurdles obstacles
jakob jacob
definitive final
customer client
fight combat
verifies checks
exercises workouts
recommence restart
boilers furnaces
counsellor advisor
prominent salient
crucial critical
aboriginal indigenous
pacifying calming
continually incessantly
reducing reduction
establishment formation
maasai masai
travel traveling
quick speedy
bangles bracelets
commit perpetrate
canal channel
critical crucial
resolution resolutions
escalate escalates
impeded hobbled
ovens furnaces
dissipate disappear
incredible unbelievable
reopen reopening
stalemate impasse
riven divided
exchanges shares
unequivocally unmistakably
loath reluctant
enriching enrich
contacting contact
attentive careful
serving serve
weapons armed
tranquil quiet
excellently magnificently
careless negligent
assigned assign
kilograms kilo
headlamps floodlights
deferment deferral
ruse trick
exceedingly enormously
true truthful
implicating involving
fully completely
sadly regretfully
armament arms
nicest best
launches starts
launches start
calming appeasing
endorses endorse
confectionary confectionery
presently currently
delete eliminate
significant remarkable
diseases maladies
impede inhibit
displays shows
testimonies certificates
audits audit
mom mum
blatantly patently
various varied
propitious auspicious
great fantastic
carnage slaughter
household home
orbital orbiting
omen portent
gained risen
specific particular
seekers applicants
excess surplus
banning prohibiting
synchronization synchronize
view viewing
views viewing
headsets earphones
respite reprieve
politeness civility
presentations introductions
marches rallies
withdrawal withdrawing
indefinite indeterminate
cookies biscuits
sharply steeply
artur arthur
broaden widen
dormant inactive
challengers competitors
mathematics math
achieve achieving
horrific awful
cautious wary
steps measures
withdrawal withdraw
withdrawals withdraw
recover retrieve
noon midday
convincing compelling
apps applications
supports brackets
redouble intensify
underlines stresses
recommended recommend
tracey tracy
inexorable implacable
primitive primeval
forbidden proscribed
compulsory obligatory
invaluable precious
sera serum
extraordinary tremendous
communication communicating
administer administering
nuclei cores
zeal fervor
variance discrepancy
bids bidding
bid bidding
excited enthusiastic
famed renowned
camouflage disguise
suffers suffer
purged cleansed
unwarranted groundless
expel evict
fruitful fertile
grow growth
gigantic mammoth
perplexed confused
proper appropriate
redirecting redirect
specific concrete
implacable inexorable
tale story
faulty defective
grades levels
ascent ascension
replicate emulate
stains spots
death deaths
overpowering defeating
approved authorised
rise climbs
rises climbs
engage engaging
biscuits cookies
noble lofty
coffin casket
marijuana cannabis
juveniles minors
shrill strident
politeness courtesy
ruthlessness cruelty
concurrently simultaneously
epoch era
billions trillion
phases stages
phase stages
billion trillion
phases stage
phase stage
portent omen
destined bound
dispute conflict
testimonial testimony
illuminated lighted
surprise astonishment
toppling overthrow
hurry rush
agricultural agrarian
felons criminals
coolly calmly
totally completely
resident residents
traditional classical
spectators viewers
japanese japan
gentlemen gentleman
harsher stiffer
sequence sequenced
numerals numbers
confrontation showdown
resuming resume
resuming resumes
helpful useful
annulled cancelled
thoughts ideas
upheaval turbulence
checks verify
check verifies
check verify
checks verifies
check verified
checks verified
maelstrom vortex
topography terrain
objective goal
emphasizes underlines
remarkably amazingly
tilting tilt
obligation commitment
individually singly
bleak grim
mankind humanity
canal channel
chair chaired
remarkably astonishingly
pamphlet brochure
formulating formulation
hurdle barrier
vanguard forefront
reputation repute
mature ripe
puzzling baffling
smart intelligent
smarts intelligent
cancel invalidate
cleansed purged
crocker croker
safeguarding preserving
risk hazard
tangible concrete
submerged flooded
vibrant lively
immensely exceedingly
unclear vague
grim bleak
channelling channel
totally completely
awesome great
observe observing
invoices billed
invoice billed
utilised used
hated loathed
splendid superb
coalmine colliery
archaic antiquated
prevent impede
isolated isolate
describes describe
basis foundations
enlarging enlargement
saucepans pots
false wrongs
advises advise
trickery deception
aunt auntie
compile compilation
quest search
borrow borrowing
chrome chromium
classified classify
comfort consolation
strenuously energetically
introducing introduce
supersedes replaces
terrific awesome
chances luck
scarce rare
deadlocked stalled
sustained persistent
commend lauded
commended lauded
hardest trickiest
unpacking unpack
except excepting
capacitor condenser
capacitors condensers
elaborately meticulously
ownership possession
compiling compile
subway metro
fissures crevices
company corporation
prepared poised
unsuited inappropriate
considerable sizeable
evacuated evacuate
folly madness
weapons arms
moslems muslims
panels groups
examination review
examination reviews
examination reviewing
bite bit
level tier
evaluations appraisals
storing store
strongly forcefully
raise increase
refund repayment
enables enable
cesarean caesarean
timetable timeline
verification verifying
stiffer harsher
runners racers
carpets rugs
alerting alerts
alerting alert
audacious adventurous
travels voyage
travels voyages
presented submitted
creative inventive
jettisoned dumped
veranda porch
criticize criticizes
startled surprised
gigantic massive
striking startling
resides reside
tiago thiago
nutritive nutritious
warn warns
solano solana
restricted restrained
minutiae details
redesign redesigning
revision revise
stabilizing stabilize
chasing chase
alternative option
alternatives option
formulating formulate
ok okay
wrongfully mistakenly
misiones missions
organizing organise
unquestioning unconditional
savage brutal
confused muddled
pervasive prevalent
drops dips
insane mad
reluctant loath
ruptures breaks
limits ceilings
grander bigger
fail fails
prohibit prohibited
vanquishing defeating
epinephrine adrenaline
secretly surreptitiously
hearing auditions
hearings auditions
distortion deformation
cross crossed
spacecraft spaceship
syncing synchronisation
labour labor
lessened diminished
doubtless doubtlessly
offenses crimes
dips drops
feeble weak
upload download
expedite expedited
tuberculosis tb
disagreement discrepancy
many several
confectionery confectionary
cadavers corpses
idiots morons
yourself yourselves
realization attainment
invites inviting
invite inviting
critical important
affluence opulence
indicted charged
schedule timetable
clandestine covert
trash rubbish
disturbed worried
response replied
response reply
tube pipe
brochure pamphlet
throttle accelerator
unusable useless
liquid liquefied
insightful perceptive
understands understand
features traits
aggressors attackers
continuity continuance
loathes hated
loathes hate
loathes hates
predicts predict
sporadic occasional
inadequate insufficient
explicitly expressly
minors juveniles
tycoon mogul
scaling scale
extracted extracts
extracted extract
punching punch
careful prudent
scrumptious delicious
limits curbs
smell odor
smells odor
perils hazards
fervor zeal
expanding enlarging
courageous valiant
licensing license
licensing licenses
confidential secret
furnaces ovens
regulations regulatory
deleting deletion
incorrectly wrongfully
analysing analyzing
chairwoman chairman
chairwoman chairmen
agitating stirring
sunblock sunscreen
anemia anaemia
arrives arrive
possibilities possibility
restrict curb
governments councils
deformation distortion
carnaval carnival
mobilize mobilise
finally lastly
wolf wolves
adaptations adjustments
sinking sink
bare naked
organize arrange
immutable fixed
resolving dissipating
exceeds exceed
illustrious famous
demanding demand
understand comprehend
prepare prepares
regulate regulating
grateful appreciative
entirety totality
paradise heaven
rudolf rudolph
essentially chiefly
disabilities handicaps
hated loathe
madams ladies
destroy obliterate
awesome terrific
delete eliminate
minors juveniles
proprietor holders
eduard edward
condensers capacitors
splendid terrific
upload download
exchanging exchanges
exchanging exchange
indicted accused
gone disappeared
terminates ends
worldwide globally
remiss negligent
hapless unfortunate
concessions grants
minuscule tiny
submits presents
exercises drills
cribbing crib
sustaining sustain
photograph photo
unfavourable negative
engage engaging
discontinued interrupted
contacting contact
contacting contacts
exceed exceeding
stages phases
stages phase
stage phases
faruk farouk
stage phase
perceptive insightful
beginning commencement
warns warn
defective faulty
insinuated hinted
unmatched unequaled
copters helicopters
tunes melodies
auspicious propitious
interrupted discontinued
proclaims declares
rejected spurned
illnesses maladies
advisers councillors
fantastic amazing
reducing reduction
madness folly
prepared poised
ideas thoughts
presenting present
concrete practical
fury rage
forecasted projected
pharmacy drugstore
impoverished destitute
mohamed muhammad
retrograde backward
smells odours
clusters groups
decree edict
replaces supersedes
rationalizing streamlining
toilet bathroom
toilets bathroom
bikes bicycle
attract attracts
bikes bicycles
bike bicycles
bike bicycle
furnaces kilns
fiends demons
somber gloomy
innovative imaginative
mandatory compulsory
warmly cordially
ground grounding
enemies foes
centred concentrated
besieging besiege
objectives goals
crevices fissures
hashim hashem
despotic autocratic
yassir yasser
meanwhile meantime
occasional sporadic
arrange organize
reside resides
bewildered confused
fun amusing
networks grids
finishing finish
finishing finishes
dearest dear
unique unparalleled
bans prohibition
ban prohibition
bans prohibitions
ban prohibitions
continually continuously
struggle battle
displayed display
displayed displays
channel canal
stratagem ploy
overthrow oust
avraham abraham
karl carl
wounds injures
mixed blended
shocked horrified
frankness candour
enable enables
doubtless undoubtedly
email emailed
unreal surreal
employ employing
reduce reducing
congested crowded
reckless foolhardy
deception cheating
guarding guard
cattle cows
surrogates alternatives
unfeasible impractical
salutary beneficial
floodlights headlamps
speciality specialization
terminating terminate
cooperation cooperating
finishes terminates
fingerprint fingerprinting
define defines
fingerprints fingerprinting
deficiency inadequacy
customer client
guo kuo
serious graves
serious grave
resulting resultant
nourishment nutrition
untiring indefatigable
significant noticeable
abhorrent loathsome
scottish scots
cordially warmly
maximize maximizing
toilettes toilets
abhorrent detestable
characters personages
same identical
recruiting recruitment
analysis analyse
supervision oversight
rugs carpets
carpentry woodworking
philanthropic charitable
fall slumps
persistent constant
solidify consolidate
tribute homage
simultaneous concurrent
ismail ismael
abnormally unnaturally
focuses emphasis
focus emphasis
responsible responsibility
shift changing
shift changes
shift change
chairperson chairwoman
creation establishment
dissemination disseminate
choose opt
rapidity swiftness
escalate escalated
extremely vitally
foreigners aliens
aware mindful
forefront vanguard
conflict dispute
unbelievable incredible
alexander aleksander
correct correcting
schedules timelines
multiple numerous
amnesty pardon
overpowering beating
hazards perils
indicted charged
checking verifying
currently presently
woodworking carpentry
assumption premise
monetary pecuniary
prints print
forbid ban
spotted stained
congrats congratulations
luck chances
locks locking
lock locking
rally rallying
righteousness rectitude
assiduous diligent
dirigible blimp
strenuously strongly
concurrent simultaneous
check verify
shortcomings demerits
bln billion
pistols handguns
facility installation
hajj haj
caring care
await awaiting
retains maintains
students pupils
applying apply
clarifying clarification
clarify clarification
retirees pensioners
aisles passageways
poitier poitiers
callous heartless
nucleus core
nuclei core
frugal thrifty
choosing choose
disbelief incredulity
closing finishing
trustworthy dependable
verify checks
verifies check
verify check
verifies checks
verified check
verified checks
extraordinarily terribly
racers runners
detestable abhorrent
findings results
fidelity faithfulness
duplicating duplication
pallet palette
insufficient inadequate
tumbling falling
ruthlessly brutally
insignificant trivial
child children
bidding tendering
aware mindful
pioneer trailblazer
transforms transform
engaging engage
shootout gunfight
defines define
looted ransacked
cuevas caves
kidnapped abducted
chats chatting
unstable unsteady
kimberly kimberley
chat chatting
friendly amicable
anesthesia anaesthetic
booklets brochures
bound link
bound linked
bound links
upkeep maintenance
harness harnessing
treachery perfidy
camilla camila
calculating calculate
predicament plight
vigilant watchful
hikes rises
hikes rise
relax relaxing
misdemeanour misdemeanors
presents displays
appointments appointment
despicable detestable
audit audits
beautify embellish
pope pontiff
synchronicity synchronization
organise organizing
yell shout
hassan hasan
shades hues
cars autos
indicted accused
motives motifs
answers responses
gone disappeared
went disappeared
circumference girth
involving involve
delicate subtle
allowed allow
gaddafi qaddafi
archive archived
whiskey whisky
alas unfortunately
risen gained
freeze frozen
undertaking undertake
subsurface underground
attacks attack
adapting adaptations
adapting adaptation
issues lawsuits
zeal eagerness
kilns furnaces
ruses stratagems
smart intelligent
weld welding
graduate graduating
repeated recurrent
favorable beneficial
allow enable
foundations basis
fernandez fernandes
swear swearing
remembrance recollection
emmanuel emanuel
famished starved
continued continual
prevalent pervasive
weirdly strangely
maximizing maximize
outcome results
outcome resulted
outcome result
rejected spurned
captors kidnappers
couches sofas
disappears goes
frugal economical
suffer suffers
climbs rise
climbs rises
indeterminate indefinite
adventures escapades
breaches contravene
breach contravene
vociferous vocal
gunfight firefight
manner way
sofas couches
doctor physician
nauseating disgusting
advise advises
allocate assign
flyers leaflets
cesar caesar
perfecting perfect
irrefutable incontestable
pitiless merciless
allows allow
slimy viscous
leniency indulgence
intense fierce
sleep slept
unsafe hazardous
intricacy complexity
aspect facet
crevices cracks
accelerate accelerating
roomie roommate
vials ampoules
special specialised
surreal unreal
heinous nefarious
incinerate burn
fruitless useless
reviewing review
delete deleted
domicile homes
excluded exclude
workouts exercises
nepalese nepali
dreaming dream
dreaming dreams
flaw defect
weird strange
incontestable irrefutable
g grams
ruthless cruel
underscore underline
laptop notebook
effectively efficiently
skill proficiency
skills proficiency
startling amazing
fake false
add adding
adds adding
resumed resume
resumed resumes
confusing bewildering
regrettable regretful
grotesque ludicrous
malformed deformed
sealant sealer
hurdles obstacles
preemptive preventative
warped distorted
graceful elegant
loudly aloud
grave tomb
inconsequential irrelevant
alarm alarming
eagerness zeal
host hosted
important significant
actively aggressively
wrong inappropriate
insulting offensive
larceny theft
burnt incinerated
sayed syed
easier simpler
compulsory mandatory
eradicating eradicate
divorce divorcing
bridge bridging
wording phrasing
trips voyages
trips voyage
forgo abandon
troublesome bothersome
earnestly ardently
landmine landmines
computing compute
lineaments outlines
enchanting charming
reaction responses
reactions response
reaction response
reactions responses
achieving achieve
credible dependable
reduction reducing
overseeing oversee
reduction downsizing
anaesthetic anesthesia
dictated imposed
nevertheless however
salary pays
salary pay
mohammed muhammed
influencing influences
influencing influence
marriage matrimony
reject repudiate
negligence negligent
untenable unsustainable
icy frigid
tracy tracey
expunged deleted
primordial primary
meets satisfies
pensioners retirees
tendering bidding
muhammad mohammed
dispute conflict
monkeys apes
harnessing harness
involved participating
redesigning redesign
panties underclothes
framing frame
displays presents
composed comprised
competitor contender
spurns rejects
protesting protest
total overall
emphasizing stressing
humanity mankind
abolish cancel
abolish cancelled
transfer transferred
transfers transferred
accordingly consequently
juveniles minors
abuses misused
abused misused
abuse misuse
abuse misused
abuses misuse
abused misuse
weaknesses drawbacks
enemy foe
magnificent terrific
morons idiots
serum sera
inherited hereditary
abolition deletion
regeneration regenerating
jannet jeanne
accumulation accretion
protest protesting
guide handbook
hobbled impeded
stimulates fosters
detain incarcerate
delightful terrific
indigent destitute
multiple several
select choose
unsupported unfounded
farewell goodbye
response responses
beginning outset
patchwork mosaic
barbarous barbarian
ambience atmosphere
channel canal
incredulity disbelief
leaflets flyers
swift expeditious
forsworn rejected
agitation unrest
injured wounds
overloading overload
stabbing stab
surges soars
teenagers adolescent
teenagers adolescents
especially particularly
yeah yes
loathe hate
graduate graduated
graduates graduated
rightfully justly
protect protects
disconnect disconnecting
auditions hearings
sacred hallowed
seriously conscientiously
looted ransacked
brilliant fantastic
condenser capacitor
try attempt
tracks rails
motifs motives
jodi jodie
souza sousa
regulating regulate
shift changes
shift change
insulation insulating
fraudulent deceptive
awful horrendous
subordinates underlings
extraordinary unusual
bracing preparing
envisage envision
choose select
funds resources
abducted kidnapped
priest clergyman
realization materialization
drain draining
useful helpful
ceilings limits
underlines stresses
charting mapping
combines merges
impossible impractical
hq headquarters
terrific delightful
beautifully marvellously
photos photographs
photos photograph
dismayed appalled
photo photograph
photo photographs
emancipate liberate
newly freshly
commencement start
melodies tunes
advanced risen
mum mom
loyalty faithfulness
designs designed
design designed
collaboration cooperation
selfish egoistic
disarming disarmament
assessment valuation
weariness fatigue
prompt expeditious
rebel insurgent
restructure restructuring
bankrolled funded
hottest sexiest
concrete specific
blonde blond
doorman janitor
appalled dismayed
miserable deplorable
handguns pistols
bylaws regulations
million mln
millions mln
rises climbs
rise climbs
biscuits cookies
authorise authorising
surprised astonished
surprises astonished
envisage envisaged
awesome terrific
mobilize mobilizing
inspect inspecting
remarkable wonderful
freeway superhighway
praised lauded
salvaging salvage
diligent industrious
appeasing calming
firefight gunfight
kidnappers captors
harmless inoffensive
adopt adopting
photo photograph
delicious scrumptious
upbringing rearing
reducing reductions
reducing reduction
persistent sustained
subhuman inhumane
metro subway
armistice truce
quell repress
brochures booklets
earphones headsets
compel compelling
plight predicament
dreadful horrifying
used utilised
burn incinerate
ruthless brutal
false fallacious
unspecified indeterminate
risen advanced
abilities capacity
hitherto heretofore
extract extracted
extracts extracted
helps aid
help aid
convert conversion
crashed collided
jubilation rejoicing
comprehensive thorough
dwellings houses
antenatal prenatal
enough sufficient
detestable loathsome
turbulence upheaval
recurrent repeated
renew renewing
easterly east
conservatory conservatoire
suspended suspend
change changing
anticipated anticipate
okay ok
inviting invites
inviting invite
installation facility
neighbour neighbouring
neighbours neighbouring
attentiveness attention
exemption exoneration
leyla leila
interview interviewed
incontrovertible compelling
disability incapacity
backwards retrograde
stratagems ruses
cherished treasured
seaboard coastline
favorable favourable
delicious tasty
discovers finds
heartless callous
candour candor
dampness moisture
interior inner
redundant superfluous
devastates devastate
bathroom toilet
bathroom toilets
rocket missile
misused abuses
misused abused
misuse abuse
misused abuse
misuse abuses
misuse abused
greatly vastly
ancillary complementary
tremendously vastly
inverse opposite
calming soothing
beleaguered besieged
judicious prudent
improperly wrongfully
awaited expected
precious invaluable
disks disc
disk discs
disk disc
disks discs
liability responsibilities
liability responsibility
indefinite undefined
accelerator throttle
gipsy gypsy
certificate certification
demerits shortcomings
print prints
trace tracing
temporary transitory
cancel annul
wounds injured
direct directing
result resulting
finishing closing
accomodation accommodation
accomodation accommodations
emphasised underlined
emphasise underlined
emphasise underline
emphasised underline
substantially vastly
avoid avoided
tireless indefatigable
eradicate eradication
recognizes recognize
trained qualified
leila laila
elementary elemental
consequently accordingly
criticizes criticize
canceling cancel
revengeful retaliatory
conversion convert
thiago tiago
construct constructing
missile rocket
pipe tube
ranking ranks
ranking rank
dismantling scrapping
rankings rank
adored loved
surge rise
muddled confused
initiating initiation
consecutive continuous
sayeed sayed
grim sombre
spine backbone
deform distort
fulfilling fulfil
use used
storing store
uses used
quietness tranquillity
specialties speciality
specialties specialities
specialty speciality
specialty specialities
akin similar
synchronization synchronicity
streamline streamlining
armament weaponry
egocentric egotistical
shortcomings gaps
joke joking
select selects
frequencies frequency
exposition exhibitions
exposition exhibition
significantly vastly
foraging forage
preferred favorite
profits gains
drills exercises
address addressing
addresses addressing
relaxed relax
mobilizing mobilization
councillors advisers
kilometre km
constant persistent
recognize recognising
inappropriate wrong
fade disappear
commended lauded
caesarean cesarean
damaging destructive
steady stable
ceremonies ceremony
frame framing
transferred transfer
maladies illnesses
worldwide globally
neighbourhood neighborhood
onshore inshore
soldering welding
views vistas
veterinary veterinarian
proposing propose
veterinary veterinarians
superfluous redundant
kidnaped kidnapped
renowned famed
disabilities handicaps
committing commit
reveal uncover
rehabilitate rehabilitating
lilian lillian
germs microbes
base based
deliberately willfully
caesar cesar
blending blend
dips drops
combining combine
autos cars
decline fall
hoisting hoist
aligning align
utilizing utilize
registers registering
predominantly principally
register registering
conservatoire conservatory
supplemental complementary
kilogram kg
troublesome difficult
shallow superficial
kid children
sombre grim
handicaps disabilities
bureaus offices
exonerate absolve
councils governments
stench stink
powerful influential
require requiring
surprised astonished
surprises astonished
crowded congested
condemn condemning
major principal
suppress stifle
countenance tolerate
relaxation loosening
block obstruct
praised lauded
gathered collected
examining investigate
examine investigate
unflinching unshakeable
maladies diseases
sunscreen sunblock
loathsome detestable
brutally ruthlessly
humankind humanity
doubtless surely
sexiest hottest
firstly first
stupidity folly
edifying enlightening
big huge
relaxing relax
cyclical cyclic
worrying disturbing
perils hazards
lauded commend
lauded commended
doves pigeons
ventilating venting
pace tempo
sizeable significant
voter elector
permitting permit
establishment creation
barriers hurdles
permitting permits
passageways aisles
intolerable insufferable
affectionate loving
rescuing saving
crib cribbing
satisfied gratified
enrich enriching
protecting protective
decrease reduce
falsely wrongfully
adherents followers
distrustful suspicious
withdrawn withdraw
mesdames ladies
accelerating accelerate
cruel ruthless
decrease reduce
exceptional unusual
apparent visible
moveable mobile
assign assigned
gowns robes
afflict affect
unclear ambiguous
characteristic trait
characteristics trait
reyna reina
husbandry farming
uphold upholding
bounds limits
think thought
swindling cheating
certification certificate
immediate instant
operating operate
frankness candor
flat apartment
kidnappings abduction
kidnapping abduction
kidnapping abductions
hazardous perilous
billing invoices
horrendous gruesome
evaluate evaluating
targets objectives
target objective
target objectives
targets objective
favourable favorable
curb restrain
breath respiration
gently softly
eliminate delete
closing close
closing closer
syed sayed
capping ceiling
gamble gambling
presented present
retaliatory revengeful
tolerable permissible
chatting chats
chatting chat
sentiments feelings
pragmatic realistic
involvement engagement
objectives targets
soars surges
area sphere
areas sphere
preventative prophylactic
councillor advisor
sloping slope
modified amended
fundamentally inherently
changing change
brave courageous
staffers officials
protection protective
bin ibn
heinous loathsome
devastate devastates
strongly emphatically
pigeons doves
tubing piping
available accessible
creation introduction
resolves solves
climatic climactic
adviser councillors
advisers councillors
inactive dormant
rationalization rationalizing
thawing melting
postpones delays
truncheon baton
mounting mounts
mounting mount
apes monkeys
granary breadbasket
maintains retains
estimates estimation
estimate estimation
commitment pledge
uninterrupted continued
apply applying
robes gowns
enemies foes
foes enemies
alleluia hallelujah
clarification clarify
relentless implacable
curbs limits
piping tubing
stats statistics
complex sophisticated
suppose presume
drawbacks weaknesses
reduce decrease
illuminating instructive
certainly doubtless
infighting strife
responses answers
boobs tits
slept sleep
crimes offenses
emphasise underscore
unquestioned uncontested
opportunity opportunities
preventive prophylactic
oven kiln
defect deficiency
integrated integral
different disparate
mounts mounting
azzam azam
mount mounting
internal inner
wounds injures
graduating graduate
interact communicate
dad papa
specifically concretely
info informations
info information
spending expenditure
authoritarian dictatorial
split divides
split divide
splits divide
splits divides
okay alright
mosaic patchwork
antagonistic hostile
annex annexe
transition changeover
replacing replace
utilization usage
stained spotted
protect safeguard
destructive damaging
raised hiked
specify specifies
inadequacy deficiency
aleksandr aleksander
timeline timetable
grids networks
deportation eviction
odours smells
identify identified
improper inadequate
swimsuit swimwear
ruined wrecked
terrence terence
pursued pursue
orientated focussed
orientated focused
forthwith immediately
appointment appointments
melo mello
unclean impure
continuous consecutive
qualified trained
flashes blinks
rafael raphael
domains realms
practical concrete
effective efficacious
boosting strengthening
moslem muslim
strengthening boosting
plaything toy
changed modified
reducing reduce
allows allow
affected afflicted
overall total
underline underscore
keepers custodians
pees pisses
viewers spectators
sophisticated complex
savagery brutality
faultless perfect
auditions hearing
auditions hearings
supervising supervision
swiftness rapidity
purportedly ostensibly
instability destabilization
granddad grandfather
fantastic brilliant
physical bodily
terrific awesome
enhance enhancing
redirect redirecting
eliminate elimination
eliminated elimination
eliminating elimination
numerous multiple
debating debate
cautiously warily
overheat overheating
unannounced unexpected
extinguish douse
assassinate kill
pioneering innovative
traveller travelers
traveller traveler
travellers traveler
travellers travelers
patronage favouritism
nikki nicky
realistic pragmatic
curious odd
retirees pensioners
ascension ascent
detestable despicable
schoolroom classroom
asked requested
employing employ
dyke dike
partnership partnering
organize arrange
route path
advice guidance
focus concentrate
fury anger
sink sinking
weigh weight
fantastic great
shortcoming weakness
rok korea
orbiting orbital
expel expulsion
responsibility responsible
enable allow
final definitive
fishhooks hooks
inhabitants dwellers
donated donate
swiftness promptness
ability abilities
timelines schedules
revise revised
ceiling capping
mohamed muhammad
simultaneous concurrent
pisses pees
overheating overheat
papa dad
neighbor neighbouring
download upload
fortuitous accidental
simpler easier
extremists ultras
interference intervention
limit constrain
limiting constrain
organizing organize
mainly principally
splendid excellent
silly stupid
justly rightfully
yearning yearn
drilling drill
poultry fowls
aboriginal aborigines
aboriginals aborigines
finished finish
interpreting interpret
finished finishes
offenses crimes
knapsack rucksack
katharine katherine
campsite campground
ready poised
womanhood femininity
forerunner predecessor
aware cognizant
objective goal
reports reporting
report reporting
injurious noxious
wallets pocketbooks
directing direct
worldwide global
raise increase
promptness swiftness
released emitted
mandatory obligatory
disputing dispute
beats defeats
reintegrate reintegration
twofold double
circumscribed restricted
fragments shards
officials servants
resigned resign
choose select
wrecked ruined
hatred hate
reynaldo reinaldo
smells scent
smell scent
varies fluctuates
revised revise
outcome results
reduce reduction
reduce reductions
envisaged envisage
irregularly illegally
mistakenly wrongfully
comforting soothing
shaded shady
dike dyke
increase raise
recognising acknowledging
climbs rises
climbs rise
overthrow toppling
wins triumphs
dwellers inhabitants
brochures flyers
peres perez
catalonia catalonian
transform transforms
chaired chair
promoted promotion
promote promotion
packet package
closure shutdown
extent magnitude
spending spend
combustible flammable
recreation recreational
ampoules vials
persevering perseverance
resound resonate
competitions rivalries
someplace somewhere
relax relaxed
megabytes mb
amended modified
detention detainment
pincers pliers
forged counterfeit
hellish infernal
tilt tilting
illnesses diseases
illnesses disease
illness diseases
illness disease
voyage travels
egotistical egocentric
souvenirs mementos
voyages travels
heard audition
terminates finishes
ruinous destructive
unselfish altruistic
enlarged enlarge
posters placards
concentrated centred
segregated isolated
unable impossible
punch punching
remarkable outstanding
destitute indigent
fumes vapours
demonstrate demonstrates
prohibiting banning
deductible allowable
mindful aware
financial finance
tartars tatars
honors honour
tartar tatar
honor honour
tartar tatars
tartars tatar
streamline simplify
pirate pirating
fulfil perform
raised hiked
purpose aim
sulfide sulphide
traits features
compilation compiling
guide handbook
closest tightest
loathed hated
measurements measures
characters traits
leap jump
resolve resolving
joined join
joined joins
chancery chancellery
goodbye farewell
fuelling fuel
risky hazardous
realised realized
learn learnt
musa moussa
prohibition prohibited
gandhi ghandi
vague unclear
craziness madness
focused focus
compliance conformity
aid helps
aid help
movable mobile
persistently insistently
arrive arrives
principally predominantly
issue problem
next upcoming
due owing
completely totally
succeeds succeed
trickiest hardest
path route
vacant vacancy
claimant applicant
comprehend understand
prenatal antenatal
allow allows
advertising advertisements
advertising advertisement
concise succinct
corrupt corrupted
palette pallet
dissipating resolving
pensioners retirees
banned prohibition
banning prohibition
ban prohibition
communicate communicating
conformity compliance
windscreen windshields
windscreen windshield
conduct conducting
conducts conducting
armoured armour
ostensibly purportedly
communicating communicate
outgoing outbound
manger manager
tour tours
targets objectives
appear appears
relating pertaining
willingly happily
dreadful terrible
recognize recognizes
custodians keepers
muhammad mohamed
imprison detain
jails imprisons
journals diaries
careful meticulous
spend spending
recognising recognize
familial family
globally worldwide
boon blessing
yearn yearning
torn riven
reintegration reintegrate
usefulness utility
boost boosting
guide guided
feral wild
illegal illicit
trusted trustworthy
residents dwellers
speed accelerate
handgun pistol
hooks fishhooks
fireplaces homes
confirmed confirm
obtains gains
rush hurry
undermine erode
tunnels tunneling
tunnel tunneling
brake braking
responsibility responsible
eradication elimination
rehabilitating rehabilitate
troubled restive
ransacked looted
supportive positive
dearest dear
mom mum
floppy diskette
imposed dictated
resume resumed
resumes resumed
stained smudged
facilitator moderator
incompetent incapable
jesse jessie
unaffected untouched
strive seek
closely attentively
complex difficult
formulation formulating
larson larsson
abandoned abandon
kiran kieran
surge rise
marvellously beautifully
lawsuits issues
dependant dependent
dependant dependents
prevent forestall
directives directive
gaining rising
supremacy domination
naked bare
select choose
advice tips
express expressing
sincere earnest
km kilometre
jump jumping
spy spying
gods deities
natalya natalia
cable cabling
japan japanese
cannabis marijuana
nighttime nocturnal
poised prepared
avram avraham
constant ongoing
choose chooses
huge overwhelming
coastal costal
marital matrimonial
brightness luminosity
recuperation recovery
unarmed defenceless
info information
use using
uses using
frighteningly appallingly
indicate indicated
limitless infinite
initiate initiating
chili chile
present presenting
manual handbook
expenditures spending
efficacy efficiency
voyages trips
voyage trips
surreptitiously secretly
vastly dramatically
customarily traditionally
emphasise underscore
vehicle vehicular
grow increase
grow increased
forestall avert
excesses surplus
excesses surpluses
unalterable unchangeable
coordinated coordinates
coordinated coordinate
forcible coercive
proposals proposition
proposal proposition
endeavour endeavor
defenseless unarmed
subsidiary ancillary
generates generate
nasty disgusting
useless fruitless
preferable preferred
malady disease
ranks ranking
rank ranking
rank rankings
prepared prepare
try attempt
customary usual
pancakes flapjacks
revolting disgusting
marquess marquis
advocate proponent
blend blending
disgusting revolting
filet fillet
alright okay
handbook manual
objective goal
propose proposing
often frequently
dismal gloomy
demand demanding
regulations ordinance
shared share
shared shares
weighing weigh
combines unites
eradication elimination
jumps leaps
analyses analysis
analyse analysis
analysed analysis
close near
nearly almost
predict predicts
abolish abolition
loathsome despicable
brand branded
brands branded
review examination
reviewing examination
reviewed examination
booklet pamphlet
thrace thracian
pail bucket
achievable reachable
unsustainable untenable
speedy swift
troubled tormented
horrendous awful
moderate temperate
kids youngsters
microbes germs
skipper captain
base basis
pupils students
deposited deposit
delivers offers
deposited deposits
swimwear swimsuit
devoid bereft
approx approximately
unpack unpacking
adaptors adapter
adaptor adapter
alluring attractive
manhood masculinity
soothing calming
fades subsides
loathe hated
peddlers hawkers
adorable loveable
attired clothed
lucrative gainful
femininity womanhood
grants subsidies
interfere meddle
therefore consequently
inflated bloated
managerial administrative
appears appear
umar omar
extracts extracted
extract extracted
alternate alternative
allocate earmark
align aligning
almost nearly
mum mama
passionate ardent
stressed highlighted
physician doctor
legitimate justified
completely fully
celebrated famous
scents odours
uncontested unquestioned
pamphlet booklet
barriers hurdles
evaluations evaluation
combine combining
expire expires
modified amended
phony phoney
swimmers bathers
childbirth birthing
increases jumps
farcical ludicrous
leads principals
terrible dreadful
adopts adopt
limitless unrestricted
entrance entry
mama mom
untouched unaffected
coordinated coordinate
coordinated coordinates
unjust iniquitous
measly miserable
improves improve
fakes phonies
stanislaw stanislav
unobstructed unimpeded
store storing
significant important
homesickness nostalgia
jessie jesse
hawkers peddlers
somewhere someplace
peaceful peace
expires expire
perfumes scents
allowable deductible
twisted braided
collaborate cooperation
reactivate reactivated
cellphone cellular
annul cancel
invoices billing
anaemia anemia
tatiana tatyana
breathe inhale
handicaps disabilities
finds discoveries
civility politeness
preserving maintaining
replace replaces
righteousness uprightness
grossly flagrantly
tb tuberculosis
highlighted stressed
authorised authorise
rare infrequent
repayment refund
provision stipulation
moussa musa
transmitted transmit
ransacked looted
noxious toxic
numerous innumerable
particularly especially
agrarian agricultural
stressed underlined
gorgeous beautiful
handbook manual
rationalize rationalizing
completely totally
awful dreadful
rebuked scolded
effectiveness efficient
foundations cornerstones
part portion
part portions
reduce decrease
frightful dreadful
refusal refuse
collided crashed
investigate examining
investigate examine
pitiful lamentable
flyers brochures
criticising criticise
shoes footwear
acknowledging recognising
advisors councilors
superbly splendidly
councillors adviser
councillors advisers
refresh refreshing
stinky stinking
circumspect careful
strongly strenuously
splendid magnificent
leanings proclivities
exceedingly overly
disappeared gone
courageously heroically
utilise exploit
rejoicing jubilation
breadbasket granary
tornados twisters
tornadoes twisters
eliminate delete
hereditary inherited
maladies illnesses
tycoons barons
available accessible
fishers anglers
honorable respectable
rucksack knapsack
recruitment recruiting
processed treated
happily gladly
false incorrect
apply applying
uncommonly extraordinarily
poised prepared
quotes citations
plunges tumbles
conforms complies
shout yell
synchronized synchronous
fowl poultry
critically vitally
outstanding unresolved
slumps fall
applicant claimant
intelligent smart
intelligent smarts
delegated delegate
delegated delegates
steadfast unswerving
plato platon
conscious cognizant
replace replacing
selfless altruistic
knowledgeable informed
streamlining streamline
haj hajj
unearthed found
lauded commended
imposes impose
underscore underline
dike dyke
hussein hussain
commensurate proportional
eradicate eradicating
carnival carnaval
sled sleigh
graves serious
grave serious
armour armoured
unhelpful useless
loads load
milder gentler
replaced replace
soothe assuage
goods merchandise
strange weird
gaps loopholes
apprehensive concerned
defect flaws
defects flaws
initiating initiate
furnace kiln
cleanup cleaning
stable steady
tracing trace
exercise exercising
putative alleged
grandfather granddad
harmful dangerous
hinders hinder
code coding
enormously vastly
evacuate evacuated
maladies diseases
gentler milder
changes shift
change shift
venting ventilating
stressing emphasizing
describes describe
dyke dike
unique exceptional
misapprehension misinterpretation
criticise criticising
pleasure joy
demonstrates demonstrate
anyhow anyway
enduring persistent
ludicrous grotesque
expanded extended
tbs tuberculosis
tb tuberculosis
tiny minuscule
accessible available
expedited expedite
channel channelling
research researches
classifications classification
assessment estimation
intervention interference
katherine katharine
facilitates facilitate
load loads
nearest closest
undetermined unknown
interviewing interviews
shrink shrinking
timetable schedule
yes yeah
indulgence leniency
agency agencies
pals buddies
mb megabytes
arrows arrow
cozy cosy
isolate isolated
defending defend
spurned rejected
resume resuming
resumes resuming
supplier providers
suppliers provider
supplier provider
suppliers providers
concord harmony
gonorrhea gonorrhoea
certifying certify
repeating repeat
repeating repeats
unknown undetermined
drinks beverages
influenced influence
influenced influences
disturbing worrying
unshakeable unflinching
distress hardship
hiked raised
natalia natalya
diaries journals
exceed exceeds
loggers lumberjacks
prohibited prohibit
eradication eradicate
windshields windscreen
avraham avram
windshield windscreen
conceivable possible
incorporate incorporating
wrong false
additional extra
topic theme
somewhere someplace
unquestionably surely
wonderfully splendidly
someplace somewhere
traditionally customarily
backdrop context
strident shrill
analysis analytical
violations infractions
violation infractions
genova genoa
bent bend
spend spending
pursue pursued
rising gaining
hinder hinders
fowls poultry
regretfully sadly
seek strive
precursors harbingers
nuthouse madhouse
roundly categorically
inhibit prevent
affords offers
analyze analysing
proportional commensurate
ticketing tickets
ticketing ticket
seek strive
peace peaceful
tips advice
attempt try
erstwhile former
library libraries
inshore onshore
sickness illness
diminished decreased
risk danger
sustain sustaining
base basis
ghani gani
conversion convert
pleased gratified
restricted constrained
predilection preference
respond responds
skilled specialised
mementos souvenirs
common shared
tumbles plunges
coastal inshore
scents perfumes
staffing staff
permissible tolerable
introduction creation
enthusiastic excited
deter prevent
sordid squalid
covered cover
covered covers
worried apprehensive
preferred favored
underlings subordinates
way manner
disappear dissipate
infinite limitless
jammies pajamas
foes enemies
evaluating evaluate
excitement exhilaration
funeral funerary
fall tumbles
barons tycoons
dear dearest
shady shaded
gonorrhoea gonorrhea
cease discontinue
oversee overseeing
ordinance regulations
cognizant aware
going disappearing
lenient tolerant
classifying classification
somber bleak
degradation deterioration
restrict confine
countless myriad
inconclusive unconvincing
phrases phrase
collaboration cooperation
grasp grasping
ancillary subsidiary
energetically strenuously
safeguard protect
removal expulsion
adolescent teenagers
adolescents teenagers
eager willing
invest invests
bloody bloodstained
dwarfs midgets
evaluation evaluations
tracks rails
feathers plumes
ruthless pitiless
hoist hoisting
kilo kilograms
tightest closest
surplus excesses
surpluses excesses
shrink decrease
campground campsite
anglers fishers
incapable incompetent
displayed display
known familiar
futile vain
commit committing
bit bite
reduce decrease
disappeared gone
disappeared went
ambiguous unclear
sorely badly
cancel canceling
unnecessary redundant
globally worldwide
larger bigger
organize arrange
significant sizeable
refining refinement
angered irked
ban forbid
odors scents
adolescent teen
insistent persistent
broadening expand
relentlessly ceaselessly
incorrect false
lavatory bathroom
fondness affection
followers adherents
analytical analysis
earnings income
bully intimidate
corners nooks
unified unify
children child
fluctuates varies
rationalizing rationalize
frightfully terribly
render rendered
turmoil tumult
harmonizing harmonize
usual customary
splendidly superbly
unoccupied uninhabited
foolishness nonsense
preventative prophylactic
rebellion revolt
enlarging broadening
stabilize stabilizing
huge big
unearthed found
unearthed find
broadening expanding
rightly justly
zero nil
collaborate cooperate
bewildering confusing
falsehoods untruths
skilled skillful
deceitful misleading
scents odors
facilitate facilitates
legal lawful
starved famished
unconvincing inconclusive
enter penetrate
flaws defect
flaws defects
liberating freeing
veneration reverence
grades grading
grade grading
enhancing strengthening
decoration ornament
vendetta revenge
lords noblemen
superficial shallow
guidance advice
annulled rescinded
recognized accepted
cosy cozy
pregnancy gestation
spying spy
ceaselessly relentlessly
jeanne jannet
shows denotes
perform fulfil
emissary envoy
huts shacks
honoured honored
deficiency defect
counterfeit counterfeiting
magnificent splendid
hence consequently
outset start
stools feces
enormously exceedingly
weigh weighing
lopez lopes
unchangeable unalterable
proscribed forbidden
adjustments adaptations
cognizant conscious
unparalleled unprecedented
raping rape
rotate rotating
sentinel sentry
expulsion removal
mechanical mechanistic
ceaselessly constantly
inhabitants dwellers
visible apparent
scolded rebuked
room rooms
principals leads
reverence veneration
recapture regain
supremely extraordinarily
interchange exchange
drill drilling
dispossessed destitute
reduction lowering
unswerving steadfast
retraction withdrawal
spurned rejected
overload overloading
reinforce reinforcing
electors voters
advisor councillor
weird curious
renewing renew
perfidy treachery
steam vapour
sanctimonious hypocritical
ravens crows
mobilizing mobilize
commence start
hiked raised
requiring require
raphael rafael
clothed attired
continuous incessant
detection detecting
finish finishing
protections protect
finishes finishing
protection protect
blockage obstruction
gems jewels
crows ravens
unoccupied vacant
hemorrhaging haemorrhaging
harbor harbour
harbor harbours
sculpture sculpting
gypsy gipsy
welding soldering
shame disgrace
detecting detection
fantastic excellent
koran quran
mediator intermediaries
mediators intermediaries
thracian thrace
extended expanded
pick select
responsibilities liability
responsibility liability
fallen fall
modest humble
curious peculiar
breach breached
endorses approves
several multiple
desired desire
suspend suspended
peril risk
surveillance monitoring
plumes feathers
concerning regarding
nutritive nutrient
pick select
dad papa
blend mixture
display displayed
displays displayed
pays earnings
measures steps
reviewers assessors
native indigenous
distinguishing distinguish
confirm confirmed
intermediaries mediator
intermediaries mediators
countering combating
leaps jumps
vocal vociferous
realms domains
undoubtedly doubtlessly
homeowners proprietors
want wanna
dwellers inhabitants
exercising exercise
sufficient enough
identified identify
advice tips
masud massoud
impractical unfeasible
faults defects
allow allows
counsellor counselor
counsellor counselors
counsellors counselors
resolved solved
defect flaw
congresswoman congressman
expenditure spending
gorgeous splendid
luxembourg luxemburg
memorable remarkable
embedded integrated
timeless eternal
unfriendly hostile
pocketbooks wallets
complies conforms
curse cursing
generate generates
classroom schoolroom
jewels gems
search quest
lauded praised
bill billing
worn wear
emancipated liberated
escapades adventures
weaponry armament
appliance equipment
wrong misguided
acquiring acquire
viscous slimy
shacks huts
myanmar burma
colosseum coliseum
brutal ruthless
sequence sequencing
renaming rename
kw kilowatt
diabolical diabolic
odours scents
deception misrepresentation
scottish scots
illicit illegal
accessible available
gloomy dismal
outstanding remarkable
properly suitably
unarmed defenseless
exposed unmasked
attendance presence
apprehended detained
stockade palisade
exceedingly inordinately
explosions blasts
explosion blasts
explosions blast
explosion blast
explore explores
banned prohibited
rescinded annulled
patterns habits
admits acknowledges
collaboration cooperate
terrific wonderful
determines determine
problems disorders
haemorrhage hemorrhaging
encode encrypt
splendidly wonderfully
chancellery chancery
boundless unbounded
strongly energetically
penchant inclination
falling dipping
palisade stockade
smart intelligent
participation turnout
prohibited prohibition
capitulate surrender
mankind humanity
comforts amenities
mourn mourns
fillet filet
rounded round
mourns mourn
failings weaknesses
collected gathered
sufficient adequate
organize organise
sailors crewmen
mum moms
mum mom
engagement participation
swift speedy
invades invade
attracts attract
copycats imitators
pitiable pitiful
rename renaming
mishmash hotchpotch
streamline simplify
libelous slanderous
envelope envelop
sentry sentinel
erosion corrosion
seriousness earnestness
crazies lunatics
grading grades
grading grade
jumps increases
concurrent simultaneous
sequencing sequence
sickening disgusting
exclude excluded
consolidate solidify
wear worn
problem issue
vicinity neighbourhood
hardship distress
exceptionally uncommonly
disguise camouflage
dangerous harmful
offensive insulting
decode decoding
combined merged
offset counterbalance
disable disabling
decrease reduce
positive supportive
false fake
keepsakes mementos
clients customers
brink verge
preventative preemptive
certify certified
strengthening reinforcing
jailed detained
sayed sayeed
frenzied furious
pliers pincers
elimination eliminate
granddad grandpa
dependent dependant
dependents dependant
arrow arrows
fertiliser fertilizer
headquarters headquarter
fertiliser fertilizers
discrete separate
reconstructing rebuilding
important critical
twisters tornados
twisters tornadoes
pays salary
focus concentrates
focus concentrate
focuses concentrate
pay salary
specialised skilled
khalid khaled
detained apprehended
infidel unbeliever
loathsome repugnant
intelligent smart
delicate difficult
proficiency skill
proficiency skills
elimination eradication
nicky nikki
distressing distress
bookstore bookshops
bookstores bookshops
bookstore bookshop
tatars tartars
tatar tartar
tatars tartar
tatar tartars
sled sleigh
pledged pledges
pledged pledge
authenticated authenticate
odious abominable
fervent passionate
engagement participation
understand comprehend
personages characters
kieran kiran
triumphs wins
damaging prejudicial
resonate resound
asks ask
lillian lilian
smudged stained
double doubling
feelings sentiments
analyse analyzing
block obstruct
exhort urged
exhort urge
exhort urging
doubling double
thought think
katmandu kathmandu
great awesome
corrosion erosion
hanssen hansen
prevents precludes
progress headway
tatyana tatiana
rooms room
transfer transferred
revert return
revert returns
servants officials
handicraft crafts
sleigh sled
monitoring surveillance
download upload
cancel annul
egregious flagrant
horrified shocked
wavering waver
insolence impudence
regarding concerning
deities gods
gratitude appreciation
allowable tolerable
constables gendarmes
weaknesses failings
burgeoning growing
saviours rescuers
volunteer voluntary
volunteers voluntary
volunteered voluntary
precipitous hasty
favourite preferred
landmines landmine
progressively gradually
dream dreaming
dreams dreaming
ass arse
soothing comforting
kg kilograms
pimps procurers
arduous hard
reductions reducing
reduction reducing
arouse provoke
impudent insolent
phrase phrases
lauded praised
wish wishing
advancing rising
ghent gent
submitted presented
refinement refining
ugandan uganda
preventative precautionary
cyclic cyclical
peed pissed
exchange interchange
excellence excellency
precludes prevents
fighters combatants
uninhabited unoccupied
lads fellas
adopt adopts
limits boundaries
cancel canceled
braided twisted
mello melo
band banding
brave courageous
terribly frightfully
singularity uniqueness
tuberculosis tb
adviser counsellor
pretense pretext
scared scare
surprising astonishing
sisterly fraternal
eradicating elimination
players gamers
selim salim
falsification falsifying
tormented troubled
scrap scrapping
concentrate focus
resultant resulting
reduce decrease
masculinity manhood
cornerstones foundations
measures measurements
interment burial
dialing dials
dialing dial
load loads
extra additional
unexpected unannounced
freeing liberating
preferred preferable
subsidies grants
strangely weirdly
timetable timeline
ably skillfully
show display
fertilizer fertiliser
fertilizers fertiliser
acquires gains
obscure vague
endless boundless
targeting target
targeting targets
immediately forthwith
astonished surprised
astonished surprises
lumberjacks loggers
dawn daybreak
suppressing suppress
kill assassinate
beverages drinks
vapours fumes
advice tips
rising advancing
convening convene
choose select
pissed peed
examination review
examination reviewing
examination reviewed
proprietors homeowners
mathias matthias
altruistic selfless
global worldwide
publications publishing
publication publishing
ghastly terrible
distrust suspicion
deported deportation
merciless pitiless
dastardly cowardly
participating involved
shards fragments
belly abdomen
aware conscious
thomas tomas
colored color
angler fisherman
angler fishermen
shakes rattles
loving affectionate
pavillion pavilion
specially specifically
discounts rebates
require requiring
favoured favour
deferral deferment
festivities celebration
festivities celebrations
soiled dirty
invade invades
deterioration degradation
diskette floppy
barmaid waitress
surely doubtless
defects faults
amusing fun
picker selector
mobile movable
voters electors
implacable unrelenting
tits boobs
piety devotion
assessors reviewers
cesar caesar
sulphide sulfide
disgusting loathsome
personalize customize
harsh stringent
customers clients
financed funded
unimpeded unobstructed
terminate terminating
kilometers km
unscrew loosen
withdrawn withdrawal
impossible unable
stab stabbing
rashid rachid
conscious aware
citations quotes
needed required
keenly acutely
proscribed banned
comprise compose
traces vestiges
demonstrate demonstrating
trace vestiges
disabling disable
solving solve
mention cite
mohammed muhammad
enable enables
irrelevant inconsequential
delegate delegated
delegates delegated
suffer suffering
voyage travel
cooperation collaboration
refused refuses
refused refuse
mama mum
cleaning cleanup
usually generally
nostalgia homesickness
allows enables
phonies fakes
tips advice
commotion uproar
gradually progressively
rescuers saviours
astonishing remarkable
diabolic diabolical
closest nearest
refuse refusal
organise organize
chooses choose
colander strainer
corporation company
reunification reuniting
rebooting restarting
untruths falsehoods
lessens decreases
andrei andrej
specifies specify
increased augmented
haphazard random
february feb
result outcome
eternal timeless
approves endorses
discs disks
disc disk
requiring require
sentencing sentences
disc disks
discs disk
sentencing sentence
authorising authorise
domination supremacy
commitment obligation
audition heard
finish finished
scare scared
finishes finished
closure closing
marginalised marginalized
bruxelles brussels
promotion promote
burial interment
room rooms
neighbouring neighbor
specialization speciality
blocking block
blocking blocks
ordinance regulations
ordinance regulation
describe describes
mementos keepsakes
steadfast unshakeable
inconsistent incongruous
share shared
shares shared
ruining wrecking
travesty farce
blended commingled
protective preventive
classification classifications
pity shame
dig digging
buddies pals
loads load
illegally irregularly
toilet lavatory
panel group
recognize acknowledged
traits characters
pants slacks
specify specified
intensify redouble
highlight highlighting
peed pissed
defector deserter
conformity accordance
southern southerly
impose imposes
teenaged adolescent
adjusting adjustment
simplify simplified
incomparable unparalleled
discontinue halt
mad crazy
kathmandu katmandu
steady continuous
deployed unfurled
pajamas jammies
bathers swimmers
reduction reducing
friendship amity
modernization modernize
captions subtitles
flapjacks pancakes
addressing tackling
favouritism patronage
demonstrating demonstrate
autocratic despotic
constant continuous
responsibilities accountability
responsibility accountability
phoney phony
salvage salvaging
tow towing
afghani afghan
goals objective
goal objectives
goals objectives
goal objective
hinder undermine
ease easing
assuage soothe
accepted recognized
assigns assign
ml milliliters
eliot elliot
coordinate coordinated
safeguarding protecting
coordinates coordinated
overwhelming huge
intelligent smart
unfit inappropriate
certifying certify
bankrupt insolvent
employ employed
immediate proximate
jammies pyjamas
wage remuneration
fixing fix
thorax chest
elegant graceful
hostile antagonistic
changes shift
change shift
introductions introduction
accidentally coincidentally
vistas views
pedagogue educator
unparalleled incomparable
youngsters kids
astonished surprised
astonished surprises
emulate simulate
accomplishment achievement
accomplishments achievement
accomplishments achievements
accomplishment achievements
hence therefore
mundos worlds
impudence insolence
beautiful gorgeous
simple uncomplicated
glorious splendid
pissed peed
lubrication lubricant
emitted released
shearing shear
everyone everybody
mitigate mitigating
strife infighting
mapping charting
clicking click
develops develop
bloodstained bloody
flier flyer
pharmacological pharmaceutical
sculptors carvers
destroying destruction
furious angry
beijing peking
spending spend
corresponding correspond
attend attends
labelled tagged
requested request
funded financed
besieged beleaguered
affirm reconfirm
vacant vacancy
hiring hire
hiring hires
nutrient nutritive
restructuring restructure
enough sufficient
misinterpretation misapprehension
insolent impudent
reducing reduction
reducing reductions
violation infraction
serial series
postmortem autopsy
simplify simplifies
unorthodox unconventional
providers supplier
provider suppliers
provider supplier
providers suppliers
stupid silly
imitators copycats
ghastly horrifying
shockingly appallingly
interpret interpreting
reinforcing reinforce
yasir yassir
swollen bloated
unshakeable steadfast
counterbalance offset
size sized
sizes sized
decoding decode
unmasked exposed
enhancing enhance
reclaim recover
peculiar curious
calmly coolly
revoke annul
wrecking ruining
karlsson carlsson
realized realised
hasty hurried
considerate thoughtful
kidnap abduction
scrapping scrap
fellas lads
dishonourable disgraceful
certainly undeniably
hypothesis supposition
coincidentally accidentally
interviews interviewed
interview interviewed
joyfully happily
schedule timetable
topic theme
edmond edmund
launch initiate
recession slump
fixation fixing
illogical irrational
unsuitable unsuited
exceptional unique
significant huge
extant existing
bridged bridge
disappoints disappoint
repealed repeal
whimsical temperamental
outbound outgoing
fight combat
funerary funeral
timeframe timeline
receipts receipt
incorporating incorporate
boundaries limits
sceptics doubters
splendid marvellous
vacant unoccupied
pitiful pitiable
obtain gain
delinquency criminality
home domicile
peaceful peaceable
apparent manifest
purpose intent
abduction kidnap
drumming drum
drumming drums
patterson paterson
accordance conformity
photography photographing
afflicted affected
abode residence
excess surplus
slaughter carnage
attendance participation
articulation formulation
formulation preparation
indecision hesitancy
masons bricklayers
tropical equatorial
observable noticeable
manual handbook
hungry starved
layover stopover
stuart stewart
finite limited
covering covers
coverings cover
covering cover
coverings covers
alarming alarm
dominant prevailing
idiot imbeciles
idiot imbecile
idiots imbeciles
backbone spine
harbour harbor
earnings revenue
intuitions hunches
convincing persuasive
reachable attainable
harbingers precursors
raising hiking
weaknesses frailties
habits patterns
wonderful terrific
discoveries finds
pharmaceutical pharmacological
sousa souza
authentic true
thorny difficult
unshakeable unfailing
mum mom
abominable odious
riven torn
roof ceiling
closing closure
adding add
deserter defector
abilities ability
suffering suffer
overly exceedingly
proclivities leanings
student pupil
students pupil
espinoza espinosa
blond blonde
difficult complex
obvious conspicuous
affected stricken
wedding marriage
dwellers residents
convicted adjudged
perseverance persevering
false wrong
allow allowed
organizing organising
false spurious
comptroller controllers
comptroller controller
charm glamour
provoke arouse
ardent enthusiastic
boosting enhancing
towing tow
unbounded limitless
avoidable preventable
sensual sensuous
surge rise
verge brink
wrongdoing misconduct
mum mama
effi effie
preferred favourite
battle struggle
deadlock impasse
autopsy postmortem
cop policeman
cop policemen
hazards risks
gainful profitable
false untrue
coloured colour
crowns kronor
prohibited banned
withdraw withdrawn
loopholes gaps
vials flasks
transmit transmitted
covert hidden
lengthening prolongation
timeframe deadline
sleigh sled
bonuses rewards
highlighting highlight
yasser yassir
advisers councilors
supersedes replaces
celebrates celebrate
superhighway freeway
strenuous arduous
danger peril
fix fixing
trend trends
idle inactive
choose selecting
come coming
concluded conclude
specified specify
caesar cesar
grandpa granddad
fusing fuse
fall decrease
humanity mankind
tips advice
raymundo raimundo
collectors gatherers
misrepresentation deception
subtitles captions
bogus spurious
insanely madly
records recorded
hire hiring
hires hiring
bigoted fanatical
crap bullshit
flasks vials
pirating pirate
related bound
stage phase
fractured fracture
ploys stratagems
adaptations adapting
adaptation adapting
milliliters ml
infractions violations
infractions violation
specify specifies
softer milder
pertinent relevant
placards posters
allowable acceptable
counseling advice
gullible naive
repeat repeating
repeats repeating
housework housekeeping
destruction destroying
barbarous brutal
migrate migrating
defend defending
apparent seeming
infernal hellish
tickets ticketing
ticket ticketing
complicate complicated
adverse unfavorable
preventable avoidable
jumping leap
jump leap
main principal
abdomen belly
kidnappers abductors
bargaining negotiating
mold moulds
mold mould
ultras extremists
congratulations congrats
raises provokes
unfailing unshakeable
package packet
rise surge
lubricant lubrication
checked verified
check verify
checked verify
check verified
checks verify
overland terrestrial
conceals hides
meant intentioned
respectable decent
coliseum colosseum
enhancing boosting
skate skating
diffusion dissemination
change shift
acutely keenly
frightful appalling
implicate involve
excludes exclude
results outcome
spools bobbins
resolving resolve
delete deleting
diapers nappies
hit pummeled
distribute distributing
annul cancel
continuing continued
gani ghani
discrepancy variance
avert forestall
objective goal
prevailing dominant
basic baseline
suspicious questionable
justifying justify
fission fissile
acquiring acquire
wholeness completeness
choose choosing
abductors kidnappers
adequate sufficient
assorted various
critique criticise
cleanup cleansing
replaces replace
learning learn
frederick fredrick
chair chaired
strengthening enhancing
calif california
noblemen lords
revise revision
flyer flier
start commence
rotating rotate
retrieval recovery
erik eric
especially notably
pick select
astute clever
collaboration collaborate
collaboration collaborates
tolerant lenient
anyway anyhow
terminated terminate
fredrick frederick
deplorable miserable
rivalries competitions
unrest agitation
authorize authorising
careful attentive
opposite contrary
refreshed refresh
prohibition bans
prohibition ban
prohibitions bans
prohibitions ban
heaven paradise
cm centimeter
recognizable distinguishable
aggressor attacker
ultrasound ultrasonic
poised ready
sunset sundown
unconcerned indifferent
mum mama
hashem hashim
analysis analyzing
opportunities opportunity
notices notification
suleyman suleiman
notice notification
notices notifications
notice notifications
informed knowledgeable
cooperation collaboration
angry furious
signals signal
scent fragrance
outcome result
laila leila
housekeeping housework
loosen unscrew
wickedness viciousness
hidden hide
customize personalize
elias ilyas
bound related
denomination designation
beneficial favorable
famous illustrious
stomach belly
agrarian agricultural
anyone anybody
rage fury
horrible ghastly
scrutinize examine
innovative groundbreaking
rooted root
collide collision
gambling gamble
terrible frightful
appreciation gratitude
sort sorting
assure assured
warped twisted
lodgings homes
networks networking
network networking
fertilisation fertilization
appropriate proper
honour honors
honour honor
unbeliever infidel
constrain impede
harshness severity
logical rational
barrett barret
carvers sculptors
sundown sunset
foundations basics
equatorial tropical
wounded injured
stale outdated
retrieval recovery
schism split
comments commentaries
anybody anyone
reformed reforms
reformed reform
eliminate elimination
eliminating elimination
mumbai bombay
recognizes recognize
surely unquestionably
packaged package
banned proscribed
surety guarantor
ultrasonic ultrasound
mathematics mathematical
seniors elders
introductory initial
injures wounds
clamor clamour
disorders problems
callous ruthless
dipping falling
coordinates coordinated
coordinate coordinated
crafts handicraft
replace replaced
rattles shakes
coming come
genoa genova
classification classifying
combatants fighters
pestilence plague
cover covered
remembrances keepsakes
covers covered
fliers aviators
intricate complex
risks hazards
requested asked
punctured puncture
notification notices
notification notice
notifications notices
notifications notice
leaving leave
assailants aggressors
add adding
altruistic unselfish
swindle swindling
halt discontinue
rightful lawful
henry henri
nanking nanjing
embryos foetuses
resign resigned
changes alteration
change alteration
adamantly categorically
aggressors assailants
evacuation evacuate
elitist elite
ranked rank
enabled enable
true authentic
simplified simplify
coupled matched
views findings
strainer colander
lies lurks
address addressing
preserving preserve
protest protesting
fearless courageous
rise surge
lighting light
lighting lights
outlay disbursement
haemorrhaging hemorrhaging
disable disables
principally primarily
miss mademoiselle
immediately forthwith
fighters combatants
fiercely vehemently
geology geological
trends trend
matched coupled
henri henry
pitiless relentless
hazardous unsafe
rebate discount
delude fool
decent respectable
rewards bonuses
should ought
accessing accesses
accessing access
doubters sceptics
infringe violate
hasty precipitous
platon plato
achievement accomplishment
difficult delicate
achievement accomplishments
achievements accomplishments
achievements accomplishment
inquisitive curious
employed employ
lift lifted
simplifies simplify
lifts lifted
attends attend
sensuous sensual
floors storeys
foundries smelters
small tiny
smallest tiny
conscripts draftees
actions measures
consequently therefore
aviators fliers
changing shift
changes shift
change shift
marginalized marginalised
doctor physician
inclined prone
migrating migrate
gaps deficiencies
participation engagement
useless unusable
crawfish crayfish
tumbles fall
hazardous risky
hallelujah alleluia
colossal massive
annan anan
adolph adolphe
assessed evaluated
mar mars
brutal savage
gendarmes constables
timetable schedule
prognosis forecast
directs direct
decrease fall
libraries library
conducive propitious
leave leaving
difficult laborious
defenceless unarmed
palpable perceptible
tattooing tattoo
nil zero
tribunal courts
tribunals courts
tribunal court
tribunals court
reckless thoughtless
reply replies
nocturnal nighttime
cycling cycle
chosen selected
dealing deals
dealing deal
archaeology archaeological
hamper inhibit
finish complete
finished complete
splitting splits
splitting split
dad papa
pressing press
discounts rebates
continuously unceasingly
concentrates focus
concentrate focus
concentrate focuses
ordinance regulations
analogous comparable
acquire acquiring
bigger larger
appallingly shockingly
streamlining rationalizing
preparation formulation
mustafa mustapha
flexible adaptable
smell scent
colleges university
college university
curious bizarre
amended modified
leap jumping
leap jump
cause reason
fool delude
uproar commotion
destitute dispossessed
taxes fees
putative presumed
straight consecutive
uncharted unknown
exotic alien
rebates discounts
institution establishment
qaida qaeda
conferences conference
km kilometers
enlargement enlarging
repugnant loathsome
cellular mobile
learn learning
ongoing constant
certify certifies
hunches intuitions
gratefulness gratitude
unnerving disturbing
rental lease
therapeutic curative
enhance strengthening
persuasive convincing
assign assigns
posturing posture
emergent emerging
birthing childbirth
flyers pamphlets
continuous constant
clone cloning
tube tubing
favorable positive
injured wounded
fanatical bigoted
truthfully frankly
sort kind
deposit deposited
deposits deposited
lactating breastfeeding
mentor mentoring
mentors mentoring
distinguishable recognizable
loosen slacken
waitress barmaid
minor smallest
minor small
recognized recognize
mixing mix
afraid scared
warranties safeguards
mom mama
stringent harsh
capacity abilities
mums moms
mum mom
mum moms
alien exotic
mixture blend
thorough careful
interviewed interviews
interviewed interview
remarkable excellent
dreadful awful
terrific marvellous
asad assad
harsh difficult
exclusively solely
nooks corners
immeasurably infinitely
negotiates negotiate
false wrong
objectives aim
objective aims
objective aim
objectives aims
authorising authorize
insurers underwriters
insurer underwriters
famous celebrated
retires retire
engaging engage
fatigue weariness
examined investigate
examined investigated
examine investigated
examining investigated
examine investigate
madness craziness
assessing evaluating
mammoth colossal
metro underground
documenting document
combustible inflammable
economic economy
contemporary current
fanatics zealots
eternally indefinitely
replace replaces
saima samia
keepsakes remembrances
harmful pernicious
nesting nest
maybe perhaps
budgeted budget
close closing
disappearing going
perpetually continuously
stain blot
destruction destroying
disc disks
discs disk
disc disk
discs disks
inexplicable unaccountable
false phonies
disconnected disconnect
habitually routinely
disks discs
disk disc
cycle cycling
disks disc
disk discs
notably particularly
papa dad
fernandes fernandez
absurd preposterous
assign allocate
variance differences
questionable suspicious
variance difference
reluctance hesitancy
squalid sordid
lunatics crazies
theme topic
constantly continuously
alternative alternate
comprising encompassing
kilowatt kw
milder softer
kw kilowatt
hurdles barriers
flood deluge
disgusting nauseating
appraisal assessment
crewmen sailors
pennies centimes
catalan catalonian
exclude excludes
smart intelligent
anticipate anticipated
gruesome terrible
unfortunately alas
recover reclaim
initialize initializing
painted paints
painted paint
invited invites
archaeological archaeology
expand extending
hike rise
damien damian
cobbler shoemaker
jailing imprisonment
cited referenced
pretense pretence
dials dialing
dial dialing
constantly perpetually
usually customarily
despicable loathsome
appalled horrified
weaknesses defects
disappoint disappoints
salonika thessaloniki
dad papa
disgrace shame
solved solve
fantastic marvellous
arrange arranging
gloomy somber
anchoring anchor
cooperation cooperate
herd flock
develop develops
prohibited forbidden
lunatics maniacs
therefore consequently
communicate interact
highly eminently
impudent brazen
affirmative positive
marijuana marihuana
undercover secret
administer administers
reviews examinations
review examination
review examinations
alerts alerting
alert alerting
defects weaknesses
mathematical mathematics
preventive protective
responsibility accountability
responsibilities accountability
adjustment adjusting
succeed succeeds
shrewdly cleverly
negotiate negotiates
solitude loneliness
increasing augment
increase augment
increased augment
wear wearing
stanislav stanislaw
continually constantly
procurers pimps
careful thorough
habitually normally
presented submitted
obstruction blockage
maniacs lunatics
clamour clamor
skeptics doubters
uterine cervical
participation engagement
delivers provides
liquefied liquid
accidental unintended
insolvent bankrupt
permit permitting
okays ok
okay ok
permits permitting
hiking raising
beautiful splendid
favour favouring
ignominious ignoble
norse scandinavian
mom mum
favourable positive
collaboration partnership
collaboration partnerships
lifelike realistic
pamphlets flyers
negative unfavourable
sentinel sentry
fantastic great
prohibits prohibited
rails tracks
contempt scorn
dispassionate impartial
adopts approves
conflict dispute
examine investigate
repress quell
unconditional unquestioning
stereotyping stereotypical
refund repayment
merges combines
courageous brave
accordance pursuant
principally mainly
tubing tube
milepost milestone
satisfies meets
consequently therefore
odious disgusting
passionate fervent
surrounded girded
temperamental whimsical
incredible extraordinary
rational logical
reduced reduction
irked angered
evacuate evacuation
confused perplexed
celebratory festive
unlikely implausible
lights lit
scared afraid
sampled sample
mars mar
mainly principally
misdemeanor misdemeanour
traitor betrayer
centimeter cm
pliable flexible
muhammad mohamed
lamentable pitiful
khaled khalid
celebrate celebrates
probable possible
permissive tolerant
brave fearless
combating countering
colossal mammoth
wardrobe cupboard
inmates prisoners
verified checked
verify check
verify checked
verified check
verify checks
reductions reduced
reduction reduced
stratagems ploys
categorically roundly
references referencing
reference referencing
recalling recall
slacken loosen
heave heaving
starved hungry
manhood virility
consent acquiescence
expected anticipated
postpone postpones
comfort solace
deadline timeframe
digging dig
fees taxes
bricklayers masons
conference conferences
recognize recognizes
unveil unveils
splendid beautiful
smelters foundries
instructive illuminating
refurbishment reconditioning
cooperating collaboration
circumscribed limited
extreme severe
draftees conscripts
cupboard wardrobe
wharf dock
enslavement slavery
unwise foolish
primarily principally
conjecture speculation
madly insanely
remuneration wage
dear dearest
hereafter hereinafter
negotiating bargaining
amend amended
amass accumulate
indeterminate unspecified
synchronous synchronized
myriad numerous
distrust mistrust
frightful horrific
sameer samir
calculates calculate
arrange arranging
cowardly dastardly
theme topic
matrimonial marital
interlaced intertwined
deficiencies gaps
provider supplier
staff staffing
bobbins spools
slavery enslavement
generally usually
vertigo dizziness
heaving heave
covers covering
cover coverings
cover covering
covers coverings
drum drumming
drums drumming
nutritious nutritive
streamlined streamline
cure remedy
kidnapper abductor
wonderful magnificent
timidity shyness
attainable reachable
analysing analyze
disgusting nasty
evaluated assessed
intent purpose
false bogus
arranging arrange
sewage sewerage
postponed postpone
publish published
quick quickly
futile meaningless
hemorrhage haemorrhage
dock wharf
favourable propitious
start commencement
awkward difficult
arduous strenuous
illness sickness
enormous colossal
imbeciles idiot
imbecile idiot
imbeciles idiots
intrigues machinations
refuses refused
refuse refused
engagement involvement
executing implementing
protect safeguarding
protect safeguard
dominic dominique
reels spools
tranquility quietness
cure remedy
unfounded unsupported
torino turin
fliers handbills
chou zhou
underage juvenile
simulate emulate
vitally critically
deporting deportation
lawful rightful
cut sliced
classifying classify
fumes vapors
carlsson karlsson
addicts junkies
cancel annul
cadaver corpse
paterson patterson
bonuses rewards
bonuses reward
designation denomination
soothe appease
choose choice
papa dad
ladies dames
limiting limited
excellent splendid
lunch dinner
display displayed
development evolution
sorting sort
sorting sorts
strengthening enhance
charming fascinating
nappies diapers
discontinue cease
flimsy fragile
lightheaded giddy
function functioning
functions functioning
inefficient ineffective
functioning function
functioning functions
adolphe adolph
daemon demon
precariously perilously
matthias mathias
rent rented
decrease reduce
prudent circumspect
reduction reducing
reductions reducing
hateful odious
influencing affecting
slanderous libelous
rises rebounds
invincible unstoppable
cooperated cooperation
cooperate cooperation
excellent terrific
recognised recognized
perceptible palpable
diagnosis diagnostic
educator pedagogue
preposterous absurd
currents current
venice venezia
customarily usually
backward retrograde
thoughtful considerate
absent nonexistent
points dot
points dots
void vacuum
characterised characterized
kidnappers abductors
teleporter transporter
mix mixing
beginnings origin
beginnings origins
salespeople vendor
salesperson vendor
cleverly shrewdly
expressing express
expressing expresses
duties responsibilities
racial ethnic
flawed imperfect
absolve exempt
scale scaling
analytical analysis
criminality delinquency
publishing publications
publishing publication
marvellous fantastic
maneuvering manoeuvre
doggedly persistently
booklet brochure
collision collide
enlightened informed
reply replies
repeal repealed
vapors fumes
decedent deceased
ominous sinister
brutal barbarous
misused abused
origin provenance
pavilion pavillion
bizarre curious
bicycle bikes
bicycles bikes
bicycles bike
tyranny despotism
bicycle bike
sacha sasha
informs apprise
inform apprise
kilowatt kw
tackling addressing
referenced cited
negro nigger
fertilization fertilisation
calculate calculates
primitive rudimentary
vehicular vehicle
sustaining sustain
innovative pioneering
choose opt
chose opt
tolerable allowable
file filing
spurious bogus
precise specific
notably especially
key crucial
objective goals
objectives goal
objectives goals
objective goal
abductors kidnappers
nest nesting
worsening deteriorating
advisor adviser
hypocritical sanctimonious
focus focused
traces footsteps
better nicer
unfavorable negative
fostering fosters
fostering foster
pyjamas jammies
nonexistent absent
fully completely
threatens threatening
commentaries comments
examine scrutinize
flocks herds
herds flocks
andrej andrey
notwithstanding despite
unforgiving ruthless
initializing initialize
refreshingly pleasantly
onus responsibility
disturbance turbulence
franchising franchise
subtract deduct
hostile unfriendly
turnout participation
responsible accountable
stomachs bellies
communicate communication
finalize finalizing
muted mute
exchanges exchanging
exchange exchanging
handbook guidebook
satisfied contented
illegal unlawful
actual real
seizes seize
incredible remarkable
fragrance scent
irrational illogical
needy destitute
receipts receipt
unconventional unorthodox
skillfully ably
perfect flawless
posting post
caps ceilings
swindling swindle
aware mindful
severe extreme
regulatory regulations
modernize modernization
deformed distorted
skilled qualified
efficacy efficient
pumping pump
present presents
terrific splendid
speckles flecks
retrograde backwards
determine determines
supervisory surveillance
zealots fanatics
cooperate collaborate
aleksander aleksandr
positive affirmative
bite bitten
awaits awaiting
disarmament disarming
handbook guide
cancelled cancel
cancelled cancels
harmful injurious
published publish
inflammable combustible
helpful worthwhile
translating translate
everlasting eternal
presents present
organising organizing
tubes pipes
unstoppable invincible
importing importation
turbulence disturbance
mum mama
latrine toilet
partnering partnerships
excellency excellence
accelerates accelerate
harmful noxious
gigantic immense
displays shows
paradise heaven
divides split
divide split
divide splits
divides splits
threatening threatens
eras epochs
submitted tabled
resetting reset
reform reformed
cut sliced
coastline seaboard
haemoglobin hemoglobin
harmonic harmonious
acknowledged recognized
origin beginnings
origins beginnings
different dissimilar
incomparable unmatched
selected chosen
clippings snippets
fix fixed
virility manhood
yaakov yakov
appraisal evaluation
pipes tubes
restarting rebooting
prohibited banned
lopsided unbalanced
foetuses embryos
adjudged convicted
themes topics
disgusting abhorrent
infinitely immeasurably
foundations basics
vomit puked
vomited puked
frailties weaknesses
picker selector
comandante commander
effie effi
clever shrewd
parlor parlour
consolidation consolidate
seperate separate
cultivating cultivate
teenagers teens
enigma mystery
committees committee
certify certifying
switching switchover
grave serious
seniors elder
seniors elders
injures wounds
heathen pagan
snippets clippings
particular peculiar
combatants fighters
comfortable cozy
bellies stomachs
unfathomable incomprehensible
shiny glossy
vestiges traces
vestiges trace
root rooted
hesitancy reluctance
pitiful deplorable
lifted lift
lifted lifts
ok okays
ineffective inefficient
ok okay
brutality savagery
renminbi rmb
switched switch
switched switches
chemist pharmacist
spools reels
domicile home
elders seniors
cab taxi
retrofit modernize
refurbishing restoration
prone inclined
suppress suppressing
issues matters
principally mainly
farce travesty
selector picker
smothering suffocating
customarily typically
junkies addicts
consequently hence
compressing compression
clever astute
protective protecting
horrified appalled
shear shearing
unflinching unswerving
remarkable notable
receiver recipient
untruthful untrue
detain imprison
misconduct wrongdoing
price cost
prices cost
additionally also
correction correcting
transporter teleporter
accelerate speed
magnification enlargement
libel defamation
barons magnates
enhancing strengthening
serious major
promotion advancement
contrary opposite
consolidate consolidation
brutal brute
request requested
share sharing
shares sharing
annexe annex
compelling compel
homes maisons
brochure booklet
deduct subtract
want wanna
comprised composed
slope sloping
coercive forcible
cost price
cost prices
distributing distribute
rewards bonuses
reward bonuses
unnatural abnormal
magnificent wonderful
rebelling rebel
mom mama
docile obedient
hepatic liver
synchronised synchronous
devoted dedicated
polling poll
responsible answerable
oppose opposed
fearsome frightening
consistent consonant
matters issues
gatherers collectors
glamour charm
tattoo tattooing
specifies specify
gaps deficiencies
improper inappropriate
restricted circumscribed
supper dinner
stressing stress
hotchpotch mishmash
awe reverence
reinforced strengthened
synchronous synchronised
adapter adaptors
adapter adaptor
ceilings caps
hemoglobin haemoglobin
kidnapped kidnaped
fulfil fulfilling
clear unambiguous
moms mum
mom mum
chile chili
mitigation reduction
house housing
rusted rusty
subsequently afterward
homage tribute
worldwide globally
abnormal unnatural
impede constrain
peeing pissing
investigate examined
investigated examined
investigated examine
investigated examining
investigate examine
inspected inspect
acceptable agreeable
crayfish crawfish
engagement involvement
normally habitually
liberated emancipated
undermines impairs
current currents
briefing brief
jumping jump
administrative managerial
review reviewing
encrypt encode
cooperation collaborative
excellent remarkable
major serious
receipt receipts
espinosa espinoza
pleasantly refreshingly
constrain hamper
suspicion distrust
mixing mix
mixing mixes
fisherman angler
fishermen angler
everybody everyone
ovens kilns
performing perform
unfurled deployed
villains scoundrels
mama mom
groups groupings
group grouping
group groupings
groups grouping
underlined emphasised
underlined emphasise
underline emphasise
underline emphasised
safeguards warranties
stairs steps
dispatched dispatch
hanukkah chanukah
fascinating charming
protection protect
perilous risky
safe securing
protected protect
courts tribunal
courts tribunals
court tribunal
court tribunals
rebates discounts
damian damien
flagrant egregious
seize seizes
rationale justification
skew distort
shows displays
hanky handkerchief
target targeting
targets targeting
acquiescence assent
mama mum
vapour steam
hurdles barriers
relaunch reopen
duplicated duplicates
duplicated duplicate
uganda ugandan
pimp procurer
click clicking
astonishing surprising
unaccountable inexplicable
butchery massacre
yosi yossi
segments slices
renew renewed
pissing peeing
hazard danger
anchor anchoring
securing safe
paddle paddling
peculiarly particularly
assistants helpers
reopen relaunch
replies reply
puked vomit
puked vomited
trustworthy trusted
haji hajji
presence attendance
underwriters insurers
underwriters insurer
shrinking shrink
brutish brutal
scents aromas
despotism tyranny
patronage sponsorship
mitigation mitigating
advancement promotion
edward eduard
homes casas
resultant subsequent
disgusting sickening
diagnosis diagnostics
establishment institution
responses reaction
response reactions
response reaction
responses reactions
supervises oversees
vomited puked
moms mums
mom mum
moms mum
omar umar
payment payout
exam examination
exams examinations
exams examination
exam examinations
chopper copter
oversees supervises
unrelenting implacable
inclined tilted
liver hepatic
shoemaker cobbler
flecks speckles
midgets dwarfs
comparison compare
familiar known
perilously precariously
comfortable comfy
administers administer
definite concrete
switchover switching
unintended accidental
empowered authorized
exhibitions exposition
exhibition exposition
uniqueness singularity
pursuing pursue
giddy lightheaded
distinguish distinguishing
nutritional nutritive
scent odor
factored factor
brutal brutish
advisedly deliberately
glaring flagrant
huge colossal
incinerated burnt
changeable changing
feces stools
map mapping
regulations ordinance
regulation ordinance
recovery recuperation
constantly continually
present presented
mama mum
vigilant careful
topics themes
cultivate cultivating
ripen mature
answering answer
remove eliminate
economy economic
characterized characterised
pamphlet brochure
diligent assiduous
prudent judicious
preserving conserving
lonely solitary
promoted promotion
promoting promotion
promote promotion
whale whaling
abyss precipice
unimportant immaterial
typically customarily
arduous painstaking
rises jumps
rise jumps
mama mum
tight stringent
tagging tag
notable significant
falls fall
depict portray
preferred preferential
recovery retrieval
postponement deferral
california californian
roadblock barrier
humanistic humanitarian
wolves wolf
kilometers km
dismayed appalled
wreaths garlands
georgy georgi
transmitting transmission
granny grandma
pricing prices
pricing price
renting rental
routinely habitually
weak feeble
wanna want
ships vessels
ship vessels
ship vessel
ships vessel
magnates barons
salty saline
cold chilly
colder chilly
annum year
unease malaise
compelling incontrovertible
ludicrous farcical
flock herd
qaeda qaida
rusty rusted
allow allowing
base basis
outsource outsourcing
mama mom
moulds mold
mould mold
preferred prefer
guiseppe giuseppe
nutritious nutrient
mum mommy
gomez gomes
trustworthy reliable
provides delivers
sustain sustaining
insufficiency failure
teens teenagers
splits splitting
split splitting
doubtlessly unquestionably
false fraudulent
roommate roomie
investigate examine
specific precise
butchery carnage
deferral postponement
efficient efficacious
unnecessary needless
toilets toilettes
shaping shape
engagement involvement
upload download
mum mama
corpse cadaver
cursed damned
repayment refund
farouk faruk
femur femoral
agencies agency
crazy mad
dedicated devoted
exacting demanding
unsettling worrisome
captain skipper
disgusting odious
hamper constrain
permitted allowed
advises advise
bullying bully
investigate investigates
combines combined
combine combined
hiding concealment
approximately approx
stewart stuart
comprises includes
unprecedented unparalleled
imperfect flawed
consecutive straight
chanukah hanukkah
arduous painstaking
odd weird
sebastopol sevastopol
supervise monitor
protect protection
purpose intent
anticipated expected
ghastly appalling
adviser advisor
arranging arrange
investigating investigates
invites invited
twisted warped
copter chopper
manager manger
outcasts pariahs
counterfeit forged
clearly patently
suleiman suleyman
diagnosis diagnostics
diagnoses diagnostics
agriculture farming
notifying notify
tiny miniscule
violated violate
obligation responsibility
conjunction cooperation
mom mama
proposition suggestion
ok alright
buckets pails
directive directives
required needed
storeys floors
shape shaping
schedules scheduling
schedule scheduling
puked vomited
basics rudiments
aberrant abnormal
froth foam
found founded
loosen slacken
kronor crowns
scent smell
mindful aware
doubters skeptics
subsides fades
damned damn
hollow empty
sponsorship patronage
fall decrease
stopover layover
aromas scents
includes comprises
wrong false
inappropriate improper
dismal bleak
customarily normally
marihuana marijuana
wounds lesions
reversed reverse
reformed reform
reversed reverses
knowhow expertise
information info
join joined
joins joined
naive gullible
accountable responsible
miniscule tiny
nicer better
worthwhile helpful
blinks flashes
viciousness wickedness
momentous important
injurious harmful
multiple various
unites combines
therefore hence
coaching coach
ventilating ventilation
coaching coaches
poll polling
loneliness solitude
underground subsurface
mindful aware
liechtenstein lichtenstein
sami saami
favour favoured
nightly nocturnal
candid forthright
kilometre km
deficiencies gaps
chest thorax
reaffirm reiterated
bleak dismal
mobile moveable
translate translating
softness gentleness
comprehensive holistic
synchronisation syncing
serviceable usable
painstaking arduous
useless unhelpful
jumps rises
jumps rise
detector sensor
db decibels
indifferent apathetic
brochure pamphlet
attempting attempts
attempting attempt
disseminate dissemination
impasse deadlock
advise advises
steps step
powerfully strongly
elliot eliot
handbills fliers
matches match
deleting delete
highly exceedingly
validating validation
dot points
dots points
metallurgical metallurgy
repertoire repertory
normally usually
fall dips
apply applies
friendly amiable
riddle conundrum
transport transporting
transports transporting
panties undies
envoy emissary
prohibition banned
prohibition banning
prohibition ban
conclude concluded
negate deny
incitement provocation
garlands wreaths
vehemently fiercely
hajji haji
instructions directives
unlawful illegal
fixing fixation
transformation metamorphosis
afghans afghanis
afghans afghani
afghan afghanis
afghan afghani
excellence excellent
arrived arrive
commemorating commemorate
commemorate commemorating
match matches
nutrition nourishment
efficiency efficacy
gallant brave
peculiarity specificity
adorable cute
recipient receiver
wary distrustful
immaterial unimportant
solitary lonely
aware mindful
tolerate countenance
document documenting
alternate alternatives
alternate alternative
warn warnings
warn warning
hereinafter hereafter
ruse stratagem
nigger negro
reviewed examination
review examination
expelling expel
unrivalled unmatched
dinner lunch
slaughtered slaughter
replicating replicate
blockade blockading
larsson larson
guaranteeing ensure
hereinafter hereafter
decibels db
isolated segregated
monitor supervise
exceedingly tremendously
stunning amazing
interviews interviewing
reroute redirect
variance difference
marvellous terrific
courageous brave
metallurgy metallurgical
jeopardize compromise
restart recommence
disappear fade
maybe perhaps
femoral femur
supplied provided
laughing laugh
laughing laughs
investigative investigations
investigative investigation
inferno hell
cleansing cleanup
entire whole
unmatched unrivalled
slices segments
block blocking
blocks blocking
congressman congresswoman
enjoys enjoy
core nucleus
core nuclei
soy soybean
soy soybeans
theme topic
duplicate duplicating
unseemly inappropriate
expedite expediting
noticeable observable
twofold dual
expel expelling
courageous fearless
destroy ruin
stockpiled stockpiles
stockpiled stockpile
accelerate acceleration
certified certify
alternates alternatives
alternate alternative
alternate alternatives
alternates alternative
bathroom lavatory
filth dirt
alexandre aleksandr
recognising recognizing
tubes pipes
contemplation reflection
staff staffing
defect shortcoming
allocate assign
mapping map
unwell ill
founded found
decrease reduction
tragically sadly
hectic feverish
timeline timetable
owned own
infidelity disloyalty
ruthless unforgiving
demon devil
constantly ceaselessly
accidental fortuitous
maelstrom whirlpool
foolish unwise
nil zero
vengeance retribution
sliced cut
collapsed collapse
collapsed collapses
noxious hazardous
temerity audacity
involvement engagement
infringement infractions
negro nigger
confront confronting
dinner supper
dames ladies
fantastic splendid
integrates integrate
contender challenger
dispatch dispatching
paddling paddle
uploading upload
divine heavenly
inadequate improper
johansson johanson
kinds sorts
kind sorts
beats beat
expire expiry
applies apply
qualified skilled
overseeing supervising
recognized recognize
modifying amending
unrest disturbance
folly stupidity
allowed permitted
involvement engagement
centenary centennial
retire retires
prominent salient
diagnostic diagnosis
presented submitted
promotion promoted
promotion promoting
promotion promote
select pick
evils iniquities
price cost
bully bullying
unrestricted limitless
fearless brave
authenticate authenticated
savior saviour
nuremburg nuremberg
dreadful frightful
bleak somber
brazen impudent
pariahs outcasts
abandon forgo
glossy shiny
grower producer
mummy mommy
cancel cancelled
cancels cancelled
inactive idle
reliable trustworthy
bills invoices
humanistic humane
collateralized secured
multiplies multiply
solve solving
kilns ovens
caps ceilings
random haphazard
phonies false
curative therapeutic
weakness shortcoming
impugned contested
marriage wedding
holland netherlands
cooperate cooperation
amended amend
fearlessly courageously
replace replacing
fall falls
examinations reviews
examination review
examinations review
destitute needy
accounting account
accounting accounts
assessment appraisal
conserving preserving
complicated complicate
encompassing comprising
pipes tubes
globally universally
fins flippers
filipino philippine
milestone milepost
introduction introductions
rapid expeditious
controllers comptroller
controller comptroller
religion religious
religions religious
madhouse nuthouse
onlooker spectator
trust trusted
spinning spin
main principal
elector voter
propose proposed
illogical unreasonable
contagious infectious
malaise unease
testify testifies
doubtless undeniably
nutrient nutritious
postpone postponed
commander comandante
illicit illegal
trolleys chariots
mistrust distrust
ethnic racial
duplicating duplicate
cute adorable
replicate replicating
protective protection
brief briefing
helpers assistants
perform performing
correspond corresponding
seeking seek
seeking seeks
adis addis
configured configure
haemorrhage hemorrhage
vendor salespeople
kimberley kimberly
tranquil calm
vendor salesperson
evaluating assessing
revenge vengeance
mobile cellular
enlarging expanding
continuously constantly
sad sorrowful
appraisal evaluations
appraisals evaluation
appraisals evaluations
appraisal evaluation
calm tranquil
highlight highlighting
impressive breathtaking
toy plaything
lit lights
justify justifying
puncture punctured
await awaited
cm centimetre
merging merge
epochs eras
dad papa
significant notable
easing ease
housing house
scoundrels villains
hedged hedge
validation validating
dips fall
gain obtain
amazing stunning
discount rebate
sadly tragically
vessels ships
vessels ship
vessel ship
vessel ships
rebounds rises
statistics stats
yossi yosi
centered focused
dormant latent
solves resolves
allow enable
elder seniors
elders seniors
envelop envelope
reason cause
concludes concluded
gladness joy
deficiencies defects
deficiencies defect
noticeable obvious
blessing boon
normally customarily
guidebook handbook
categorically adamantly
recall recalling
formation formulation
last final
reconcile reconciling
reaffirm reiterate
incredible astounding
parlour parlor
authorise authorised
appalled dismayed
threading thread
fracture fractured
preserve preserving
limits caps
dimitry dmitry
unmatched incomparable
exterior outside
augustine augustin
amazing startling
matthews mathews
nigger negro
programmes program
programme programs
programme program
programmes programs
doubtful uncertain
barren sterile
needless useless
skating skate
step steps
danger hazard
concealment hiding
jeopardy peril
sliced cut
blanched bleached
automobile automotive
automobiles automotive
defects deficiencies
defect deficiencies
tram streetcar
danger risk
pile piling
toilet latrine
masud masood
strengthening enhancing
dramatically vastly
consensus unanimity
detained jailed
closely tightly
reconfiguration reconfigure
authorized empowered
enables allows
schultz shultz
analyzing analyse
declines declining
decline declining
lesions wounds
prospering flourishing
deceit trickery
final last
witch sorceress
councilors advisors
piling pile
coupling matching
ceilings caps
intentioned meant
fulfill perform
sewerage sewage
awesome impressive
splendid glorious
salam salaam
reduced reduction
reduce reduction
reducing reduction
sharing share
persistent tenacious
sharing shares
recycle recycling
prisoners inmates
rudimentary primitive
nil zero
double twofold
serious grave
splendid gorgeous
strengthened reinforced
painstaking arduous
classify classifying
noticeably conspicuously
matching coupling
catalonian catalan
safeguarding protect
safeguard protect
cooperate cooperating
apprehensive anxious
ovens kilns
kids children
displays monitors
begets engenders
girded surrounded
assimilation absorption
addressing address
pursue pursuing
observant attentive
enlarging widening
tightens tighten
ire wrath
heavenly divine
rails tracks
cruelty ruthlessness
midtown downtown
confused perplexed
unlock unblock
intertwined interlaced
reduced reductions
reduced reduction
pharmacist chemist
guide guiding
different varying
requesting request
requesting requests
engagement involvement
flatly emphatically
adolescent teenagers
idiot imbecile
commenced commence
guaranteeing ensuring
permanent perpetual
perfected perfect
barret barrett
tremendously exceedingly
nominated appointed
dump dumping
retribution vengeance
farming husbandry
repulsive abhorrent
trick ruse
matthews mathew
matthew mathew
festive celebratory
confronting confront
trouble problem
principal main
regulatory regulation
shortcoming defect
influences influencing
influence influencing
parachute parachuting
reduction reduced
papa dad
seniors elder
mechanisms mechanism
purely exclusively
merge merging
brilliant remarkable
collateral guarantee
enlightening edifying
price cost
tributes acknowledgement
procurer pimp
paints painted
cooperate cooperation
paint painted
understand understands
noticeable apparent
yakov yaakov
unsettling worrying
unscrew loosen
aviator airman
spoilers saboteurs
tortuous convoluted
ill unwell
toilet washroom
police policing
polices policing
eliminate remove
reset resetting
myers meyers
fathom comprehend
rebel rebelling
abused misused
hell inferno
terminate terminated
operated operate
jeffery jeffrey
frederick frederic
bondage slavery
fearsome dreaded
unfailing unswerving
colour coloured
exhibitions exhibition
usually normally
reconciling reconcile
despotic authoritarian
directed direct
difficult troublesome
measures actions
involvement engagement
regain recapture
ban forbid
abbreviated shortened
enable allow
ceiling roof
fall dips
genus genera
revoke revoking
imprisons jails
demon daemon
machinations intrigues
prohibited prohibits
mechanism mechanisms
meaningless futile
abhorrent disgusting
tier level
fearful scared
unrivalled unequaled
moisture dampness
brussels bruxelles
hoorah oorah
fosters fostering
foster fostering
belligerent warlike
presenting presents
presenting present
basis base
allowing allow
continual sustained
proportional proportionate
cooperate collaboration
bullshit crap
gigantic colossal
servitude enslavement
incessant unceasing
detectable noticeable
breakable fragile
replenish regenerate
extreme extraordinary
deception trickery
interviewing interview
interviewing interviews
perhaps maybe
softly tenderly
aircraft aeroplane
improve improves
filthy disgusting
chariots trolleys
nipples teats
someplace somewhere
jozef josef
voluntary volunteers
mommy mummy
gruesome appalling
parentage descent
gain gaining
anyone somebody
expelling expulsion
johanson johansson
goal objective
abolish eliminate
shortened abbreviated
filing file
dual twofold
tilted slanted
combine merge
fraudulent false
transmission transmitting
safer secure
safe secure
dizziness vertigo
absurdity nonsense
continuous steady
rectify correct
distress distressing
comparable analogous
recognize recognized
declining declines
declining decline
volunteers voluntary
tranche instalment
commence start
wrongdoer offender
heathen pagan
adolph adolf
sinister ominous
pagan heathen
disturbance unrest
charming charm
internment imprisonment
mix mixing
mixes mixing
rudimentary elementary
submitted presented
voids vacuums
fissile fission
hesitation reluctance
excellence excellency
excellence excellencies
misleading deceitful
denotes shows
charmed enchanted
replies reply
unbalanced lopsided
prospering booming
intelligent smart
prioritizing prioritize
salient prominent
severity harshness
saline salty
hated detested
promotion promote
remembrance commemoration
taken picked
devil demon
pails buckets
assuredly certainly
absorption assimilation
restricted restrict
beat beats
broaden increase
broaden increased
precipice abyss
beginning onset
macau macao
illegally illegal
clarification clarifying
sportive athletic
warnings warn
warning warn
therefore consequently
liquid fluid
earthly terrestrial
program programmes
programs programme
program programme
programs programmes
press pressing
prioritize prioritizing
reduction decrease
steadily steady
reconstitution revival
dampness humidity
calm peaceful
awkward inconvenient
admirable splendid
widening enlarging
vehement fierce
inhibit prevent
arthur artur
unshakable unflinching
bridge bridged
weighs weigh
finalizing finalize
customarily habitually
dire desperate
prioritizing prioritize
bloodletting bloodbath
admissible permissible
inactivity inertia
intimidate bully
fluid liquid
opportune timely
adolescent teenaged
mammoth massive
caps limits
dad papa
annex annexe
obstruct block
papa dad
repertory repertoire
monitors displays
coordinates coordinating
coordinate coordinating
arrive arriving
prolongation lengthening
expected awaited
servitude enslavement
round rounded
ensuring guaranteeing
limiting restricting
genie jinn
fuse fusing
curious inquisitive
hop hops
seating seat
reiterate reaffirm
accessing access
reschedule rescheduling
banishment expulsion
monseigneur monsignor
harmonious harmonic
contracting contracts
contracting contract
unique single
combined combines
combined combine
supplier provider
enjoy enjoys
recovery retrieval
sensor detector
revision revise
promotion advancement
vw volkswagen
mademoiselle miss
daily everyday
accelerate quicken
endangerment endangering
photography photos
photography photo
charm charming
prepare prepared
argentinean argentina
exclude excludes
execute executing
constant continuous
evaluation appraisal
maintaining preserving
doubles double
christina cristina
rachael rachel
wardrobe closet
weigh weighs
reiterated reaffirm
approve approving
apartment flat
undermine hinder
permissible admissible
basics foundations
frederic frederick
detects detect
remarkable incredible
canal channel
length duration
loafers moccasins
certifies certify
phase stage
pummeled hit
remarkable memorable
chowdhury chaudhry
regulations ordinance
schedule timetable
contract agreements
contracts agreements
dominates dominate
contract agreement
contracts agreement
fraternal sisterly
pretty quite
ensures ensure
broadening expanding
pistol handgun
betting gambling
deservedly rightfully
protest demonstration
ongoing current
janvier january
reduction mitigation
advancement promotion
sorrowful sad
expanding enlarging
examine examining
leased leases
leased lease
phase stages
conundrum riddle
phases stage
phase stage
phases stages
adolescent teen
somewhere someplace
examination reviewed
examination review
tier level
color colour
deathly mortally
unflinching unshakable
raise raising
raises raising
invoices bills
bleeding haemorrhage
sporadic intermittent
ensure ensures
movies film
movie film
movie films
movies films
sample sampled
cornering corner
extras additional
extra additional
breathtaking impressive
slacken loosen
characteristics trait
characteristics traits
hurry haste
infractions infringement
jargon lingo
upland highland
bloodbath bloodletting
airman aviator
interlaced interwoven
remarkable exceptional
component components
sorts kinds
marvelous fantastic
sorts kind
supervise supervising
prudently sensibly
muhammad mohamed
lovely splendid
mute muted
gamers players
dexterity skill
indigenous native
barbarity barbarous
conspicuously noticeably
vacancy vacant
inclination tendency
frightful horrible
rebellion insurgency
commissioner commissar
closet wardrobe
conserving preserving
serves serving
serve serving
expands expand
fantastic brilliant
juvenile underage
whirlpool maelstrom
refresh refreshed
relentless pitiless
channel canal
bitten bite
reintegration reintegrate
consequently therefore
start outset
decode decoding
respectable honorable
committee committees
spraying spray
bleached blanched
donate donated
notify notifying
hated detested
anyhow anyway
renew refurbish
booming prospering
taking picked
take picked
took picked
discharging unloading
clarifying clarification
centimes pennies
obstacle obstacles
dove pigeon
rapidity promptness
explain elucidate
shame shaming
requested request
requested requests
fixed stationary
vague obscure
advisor counsellor
naming designation
ilyas elias
alternatives alternate
alternative alternate
rejecting rejects
rejecting reject
mum mama
continual persistent
acknowledgement confirmation
elicit obtain
adults grownups
inconvenient awkward
centimeters cm
unveils unveil
guard guarding
infrequent uncommon
endangering endangerment
provided supplied
misdemeanour misdemeanor
stunningly surprisingly
rightfully deservedly
registered register
registered registers
detecting detection
melting thawing
haste hurry
renewed renewing
comparing comparisons
comparing comparison
superposition overlay
footwear shoes
vicki vicky
recognizing recognising
coordinating coordinates
coordinating coordinate
tier level
slanted tilted
gains rises
gains rise
untrue untruthful
unloading discharging
sasha sacha
dmitry dimitry
superb fantastic
barbarous barbarity
muffins cupcakes
moccasins loafers
leaflet brochure
retaliatory revenge
old ancient
raimundo raymundo
strengthening boosting
tag tagging
overcast cloudy
tributes accolades
ruins wrecks
directives instructions
colonizing colonization
buying purchasing
objectives targets
objective target
objectives target
objective targets
significant important
conjurer magician
overlay superposition
unceasing incessant
affect afflict
stringent tight
write writing
accountability responsibility
booth kiosk
important significant
cooperating cooperate
footsteps traces
zhou chou
stages phase
stage phases
stage phase
stages phases
muhammad muhammed
sustained sustain
unconquerable insurmountable
excludes exclude
unblock unlock
flexible pliable
discriminating discriminatory
exceptional remarkable
magician conjurer
involved involvement
combat fight
replacing replace
kilns ovens
notable remarkable
scaffold scaffolding
physicians physician
preventive prophylactic
testimony testimonial
vicky vicki
enthusiastic ardent
deportation banishment
pays paid
pay paid
whaling whale
washroom toilet
rises gains
rise gains
crazies kooks
regenerate replenish
no none
highland upland
concrete definite
bloated swollen
spray spraying
expulsion expel
encounter confrontation
unauthorised unauthorized
captured captures
captured capture
downtown midtown
potatoes spuds
laugh laughing
laughs laughing
mitigating mitigate
passports passport
loosen unscrew
reduction reduced
reduction reduce
reduction reducing
implausible unlikely
reluctance hesitation
retaliation reprisals
retaliation reprisal
dismal grim
farewell goodbye
extraordinary incredible
university colleges
university college
modified amended
revoking revoke
dominate dominates
lopes lopez
tonne tons
tonnes tons
habitually customarily
colossal gigantic
deceitful fraudulent
pamphlet brochure
speed swiftness
brochure pamphlet
tenderly softly
odious hateful
mama mum
responsibilities duties
frankly truthfully
interruption break
stationary fixed
claiming claim
claiming claims
limited circumscribed
gaps weaknesses
haemorrhage bleeding
kolkata calcutta
realm domain
abdel abdul
peril jeopardy
splendid fantastic
physician doctor
premises premise
tendon sinew
persistently doggedly
brilliant fantastic
supple flexible
amenities comforts
break interruption
sensibly prudently
repetition repeating
entry entrance
rescheduling reschedule
replenish resupply
fatherland motherland
knickers breeches
pajamas pjs
wrecks ruins
diminished lessened
pump pumping
prefer preferred
explore investigate
unemployed jobless
honestly candidly
shellfish mollusc
doubly double
arriving arrive
slump depression
flippers fins
unassuming modest
wonderful splendid
enslavement servitude
daft stupid
clusters bunches
commandant commander
commandant commanders
auspicious favourable
dissemination diffusion
receive recieve
saviour savior
hurried precipitate
applying apply
monitoring surveillance
padova padua
empathize sympathize
someone somebody
sentences sentencing
sentence sentencing
certified accredited
blacks negros
blacks negroes
sufficient adequate
downloading unloading
expulsion expelling
accuse accusing
expediting expedite
increase grow
increased grow
brasil brazil
refurbish renew
vomiting puking
heating heat
cecelia cecilia
useless needless
surveillance monitoring
expand expands
combat fighting
exaggerated overblown
background context
abolition elimination
measuring measures
measuring measure
jacob jakob
merge combine
ancient old
imprisonment jailing
untimely inopportune
accelerate accelerates
convoluted tortuous
thessaloniki salonika
coarse rough
shaming shame
descent parentage
pricey expensive
cut cutting
cuts cutting
provocation incitement
cai tsai
divider splitter
yearly annual
grief heartache
dad papa
dreary boring
audit verification
shame pity
adolf adolph
color colored
careful vigilant
increase raise
limited constrained
specifically specially
vacuums voids
constraint restraint
concluded concludes
spectacular remarkable
forthright candid
salaam salam
multiply multiplies
conventional traditional
nearer closest
near close
near closer
near closest
nearer close
nearer closer
nearest closest
spare sparing
tendency inclination
josef joseph
assuredly surely
place placing
mushroom fungi
mushroom fungus
risky perilous
changing changeable
papa dad
burning burn
nurses nursing
nurse nursing
undeniably doubtless
handcuffs manacles
limited limiting
rise surge
formulation formation
evaluated assessed
mainly predominantly
unsafe uncertain
especially particularly
fucking fuck
configure configured
splendid wonderful
upload uploading
rapacious greedy
disbursement outlay
work collaborate
works collaborate
measures measuring
measure measuring
neglect negligence
extraordinary special
doubtless definitely
include including
terrific fabulous
observing observe
gone vanished
reclaim recover
chaudhry chowdhury
peaks crests
outing excursion
invoke invoking
perplexed confused
porters doormen
undisclosed unknown
preserving conserving
pasts bygones
past bygones
everyday daily
enslavement servitude
baseless unwarranted
farsighted visionary
slaughter butchery
timeframe timetable
sit sitting
accountable responsible
ignoble ignominious
widen increased
widen increase
collaborating cooperation
collaborate cooperation
collaborated cooperation
analysis assessment
obstinately persistently
savior saviour
primitive primal
arousal excitation
giuseppe guiseppe
direct directs
lease rent
hard arduous
express expressing
expresses expressing
obstacles obstacle
seeley seely
climb rise
underage juvenile
transplantation transplanting
guilders florins
calcutta kolkata
remedy cure
expenditure outlay
accountability responsibility
accountability responsibilities
void emptiness
inertia inactivity
amended modified
intermittent sporadic
introduce introducing
alexey alexei
uncertain doubtful
peculiar specific
tuberculosis tbs
tuberculosis tb
valued value
pills tablets
demanding exacting
teenagers adolescent
carrying carry
findings views
carrying carries
chairperson presidents
chairperson president
mahmood mahmoud
alertness vigilance
current ongoing
chatty talkative
rehabilitating rehabilitate
maker manufacturers
maker manufacturer
cancerous malignant
pioneering pioneer
pioneering pioneers
unloading downloading
incrimination criminality
elder seniors
reduction reduce
reductions reduce
bunny rabbit
partnerships partnering
fastest faster
sons fils
negligence neglect
recognized recognised
picker selector
abduction kidnappings
abduction kidnapping
abductions kidnapping
persistent enduring
horribly awfully
grin smile
fungi mushroom
fungus mushroom
crap bullshit
mohamed muhammad
weird odd
feverish hectic
furious enraged
flowering blossoming
reporting report
arrive arrived
trait characteristics
traits characteristics
earnings pays
somebody anyone
unadulterated pure
violate violated
muhammad mohamed
ok okay
puking vomiting
pitiful miserable
participation attendance
regulation regulatory
mathews matthews
councilors advisers
forgery counterfeit
package packaged
completeness wholeness
expiry expire
emasculate weaken
justification rationale
examining examine
enliven invigorate
prices pricing
price pricing
nonsense absurdity
select pick
opposite inverse
inevitable unavoidable
alison allison
difference variance
proportionate proportional
naming name
introducing introduce
select choose
marksman sharpshooter
duplication duplicating
sinew tendon
salah sallah
ranked rank
substitutes substitute
concise terse
attempts attempting
attempt attempting
fabulous terrific
weaponry arms
agencies organizations
quay wharf
cupcakes muffins
mortally deathly
toxic noxious
tranquillity quietness
complementary ancillary
whole overall
pledges pledged
pledge pledged
interwoven interlaced
gentleness softness
dvd dvds
afghan afghani
automotive automobile
automotive automobiles
sparing spare
unloading downloading
explain explains
groundwork foundation
brainstorming brainstorm
dreaded fearsome
burn burning
responsible accountable
renewing renewal
conducts behaviours
conduct behaviours
conduct behaviour
conducts behaviour
east easterly
seek seeking
seeks seeking
aware mindful
blossoming flowering
decoding decode
also additionally
restrict restricted
stabilised steady
processed process
weaknesses gaps
preferential preferred
dumping dump
continuous constant
picked taken
worried worry
spending expenditures
spending expenditure
humanity humankind
fake bogus
renter tenant
inopportune untimely
breeches knickers
thread threading
jobless unemployed
nonsense preposterous
thanked thank
used utilized
ok alright
iniquities evils
superb splendid
reina reyna
broaden broadened
summary synopsis
scrumptious delicious
apply applying
fusion merger
proficiency expertise
discharge discharged
devotion piety
importation importing
policeman cop
policemen cop
amphibian amphibious
nebulous vague
enable enabled
installing installation
installing installations
ignite spark
signalling signal
signalling signals
assessed evaluated
special extraordinary
modernization modernize
management governance
underground metro
astounding incredible
silly ludicrous
hate hatred
high highest
disgraceful dishonourable
vazquez vasquez
resupply replenish
closer tighter
manoeuvre maneuvering
scepticism skeptical
recognize recognized
policing police
policing polices
melody tune
hemorrhage haemorrhaging
pagan heathen
awful terrible
extraordinary extreme
obvious noticeable
elimination eliminate
elimination eliminated
elimination eliminating
anyone somebody
demonstration protest
recycling recycle
dips fall
california calif
distrustful wary
flagrant glaring
placing place
reduce reduction
imbecile idiot
charitable philanthropic
masood masud
revival reconstitution
background context
delicious scrumptious
clustered cluster
clustered clusters
tremendous remarkable
awfully horribly
incompatibility inconsistency
remedy cure
beeper pager
education upbringing
commander commandant
influence influenced
influences influenced
commanders commandant
voluntary volunteer
voluntary volunteers
voluntary volunteered
cataclysm calamity
inspect inspected
prevents prevent
challenger contender
faster fastest
distort deform
light lighting
lights lighting
discharging unloading
streetcar tram
surplus excess
meticulously elaborately
heat heating
bangla bengali
timetable schedule
celebration festivities
celebrations festivities
grille grill
carnage butchery
outdated stale
convoluted complex
prospering prosperous
remarkable tremendous
concentrate concentrating
advances rises
warranted warrant
spaceship spacecraft
barrier roadblock
clarity clearness
fulfillment fulfilment
willy willi
fantastic wonderful
insurgency rebellion
hideous abhorrent
headquarters hq
negligent remiss
subservient subordinate
matilda mathilda
worldwide globally
apparent noticeable
correcting correct
ask asks
damn damned
commencing commence
brochure leaflet
shooters gunmen
freddy freddie
downloading unloading
rivalry competition
flourishing prospering
sorceress witch
posture posturing
mommy mum
post posting
confirmation acknowledgement
inconsistency incompatibility
boundary limit
coupon voucher
infinite unlimited
baton truncheon
recoup retrieve
unceasing ceaseless
none no
explains explain
vegetative vegetation
colour color
analysis analytical
ecclesiastical religious
appraisals assessments
appraisals assessment
appraisal assessments
appraisal assessment
keypad keyboard
ruthless callous
comfortable cosy
tyrannical oppressive
special extraordinary
mitigating mitigation
level tier
fleeing flee
regions areas
twin dual
murderous bloody
rolling roll
gorgeous splendid
rent lease
basics foundations
usable serviceable
single unique
seamless smooth
wager bet
positives positive
serpent snake
atmosphere ambience
padua padova
antiquated anachronistic
curable treatable
famous prominent
performed perform
programs program
bowel intestinal
send dispatch
rises advances
inappropriate incongruous
feb february
palpable noticeable
fallacious misleading
separate discrete
willing eager
disconnect disconnected
prevent prevents
novak nowak
perhaps maybe
striking remarkable
monsignor monseigneur
ongoing continuous
adamantly steadfastly
crucial essential
trick gimmick
destitute indigent
splendid admirable
affirm affirms
gray grey
diagnostics diagnosis
everyday daily
decrease fall
comments commentary
involving involve
someplace somewhere
quite pretty
spark ignite
entrepreneurs entrepreneur
saboteurs spoilers
pretence pretense
operate operating
collect collected
collects collected
programme programmed
programme programs
programme program
lube lubricant
passengers passenger
speculation conjecture
terrestrial overland
begins commences
special specific
variance gap
responsibility accountability
prospecting prospect
stratagem ruse
picked taking
picked take
picked took
philippine filipino
vapor vapour
tablets pills
genera genus
silence silencing
hops hop
eliminates eliminate
saviour savior
damp moist
ceaseless unceasing
rehabilitate rehabilitating
timetable timeline
recover reclaim
executing execute
ousted deposed
protect protected
inability incapacity
communication communicate
ground terrestrial
kind sort
emphasized emphasize
grill grille
odour scent
engagement participation
mollusc shellfish
collapse collapsed
collapses collapsed
engenders begets
dollars bucks
coherent consistent
blot stain
grisly gruesome
plating plate
dvds dvd
hugely greatly
deteriorating worsening
appease soothe
expansion expand
mature ripen
deporting deport
approving approve
emptiness void
aleksandr alexandre
varying divergent
unauthorized unauthorised
standards norms
abandon abandoned
loveable charming
envisaged foreseen
nowak novak
candidly honestly
mom mama
prospect outlook
downloaded download
crossroad intersection
odious detestable
deportation deported
protective protection
specific particular
decrease shrink
caprice whim
gunther gunter
january janvier
depleting depletion
fuck fucking
immeasurably vastly
awarding awards
awarding award
accredited certified
arms weaponry
principal main
eager impatient
georgi georgy
modernize modernization
neighbourhood vicinity
postponing postponement
augustin augustine
geological geology
somebody someone
answerable liable
massoud masud
sheer pure
vegetation vegetative
option alternative
context background
remarkable brilliant
mohamed muhammad
guys blokes
starship spaceship
program programs
vials flasks
cloudy overcast
breasts bosoms
circa approximately
basics fundamentals
origin ancestry
sevastopol sebastopol
anyplace anywhere
ruins wrecks
guiding guide
channel canal
channel canals
unloading discharging
avoidable preventable
doormen porters
theft larceny
tarek tariq
hertz hz
detect detects
ugandans uganda
ugandan uganda
enraged furious
stricken afflicted
idiotic stupid
weakens weaken
rescinded repealed
residency residence
accesses accessing
access accessing
investigate investigative
promptness rapidity
entrance entry
dispassionate unbiased
correct rectify
papa daddy
weird strange
prayers prayer
exercising exercises
exercising exercise
stupid idiotic
proposed propose
excellent fantastic
sharpshooter marksman
quick rapids
quick rapid
guarantor surety
desperate dire
irreproachable flawless
contact contacting
clumsy awkward
contacts contacting
courageously fearlessly
adolescent teens
adolescents teens
massive gigantic
vengeance revenge
refuse refusal
inside interior
refuses refusal
download upload
talkative chatty
freddie freddy
mm millimetre
provokes raises
fighting combat
andes andean
polishing buffing
whim caprice
steam vapour
lurks lies
somebody anyone
denomination designation
denominations designation
wonderful fantastic
steadfast resolute
mama mom
withdrawal withdrawn
physician doctors
physicians doctor
physicians doctors
physician doctor
contiguous neighbouring
interment burial
retroactive retrospective
harmful detrimental
bloody murderous
holland netherlands
boosting boost
boosting boosts
constructor builder
kiln oven
crazed crazy
acceleration accelerating
counsellor advisor
essential key
typo misprint
informations info
information info
specious misleading
splitter divider
unfortunate unlucky
programmed programme
programs programme
program programme
lease rental
reassert reconfirm
tribute homage
drawbacks demerits
magnificent remarkable
possible conceivable
unmask uncover
favourite favorite
acknowledgement tributes
favourite favorites
hog pig
discontinue ending
discontinue end
repealed rescinded
registered recorded
louisa luisa
consolidating consolidation
unswerving unfailing
person persons
forestall prevent
repeating repetition
abatement mitigation
difficult harsh
goodbye farewell
recognises acknowledges
grim dismal
marquis marquess
proper appropriate
abnormal aberrant
launch initiate
ericsson eriksson
complete finish
complete finished
terrific great
samia saima
vile heinous
teeny tiny
account accounting
accounts accounting
halt stop
lads chaps
backer supporter
instalment tranche
splendid great
isolate isolates
awesome fantastic
invoking invoke
norms standards
alexei alexey
wrecks ruins
counterfeit fake
collected collect
collected collects
dependability reliability
salim selim
topic theme
repulsive revolting
abode residence
rejects rejecting
reject rejecting
magician wizard
arrondissement district
background context
reverse inverse
isolates isolate
awaited await
improper wrong
difficult awkward
soar rise
honoured honour
supervisory oversight
mclane mcclane
loath unwilling
chaps lads
cristina christina
reverse reversal
commentary comments
stunning impressive
burial interment
keyboard keypad
breathe breathing
other different
noor nour
current contemporary
detestable odious
elite elitist
dispatch dispatched
concentrating concentrate
anyway anyhow
splendid remarkable
diagnostics diagnosis
diagnostics diagnoses
summon convene
marked remarkable
great terrific
duration length
intensify intensified
fuel fuelling
detain apprehend
teats nipples
direct directed
initial introductory
inordinate undue
misprint typo
handkerchief hanky
transposed transpose
recognizable noticeable
enlarging expansion
talking conversation
hurry rush
premise premises
humanities humanistic
bogus fake
request requesting
requests requesting
symphonic symphony
citadel bastion
revenge vendetta
validate validating
advice guidance
rudiments basics
physical bodily
finished completed
particularly especially
weaken weakens
reverse reversed
reverses reversed
crests peaks
goalie goalkeeper
acceptable satisfactory
reprisals retaliation
reprisal retaliation
smallest minor
small minor
secure safer
secure safe
aware cognizant
examination exam
examinations exams
examination exams
examinations exam
writing write
residency residence
rental renting
analyze analysing
deviation departure
departed deceased
cataclysmic disastrous
negotiated negotiate
excellent excellence
string chain
dame lady
dame ladies
jelena yelena
chairman chairwoman
furious frenzied
chairmen chairwoman
rise raise
rise raising
restraint constraint
imbalanced lopsided
initiation initiating
prawn shrimp
prioritize prioritizing
manacles handcuffs
oven kiln
refilling fuelling
hotter warmer
sterile barren
minors minor
validating validate
recognized acknowledged
initialize initializing
voted vote
voted votes
log logging
logs logging
abject extreme
funds monies
buffing polishing
mom mama
primary primordial
introductions introduction
custody detention
thank gratitude
pager beeper
closing shut
close shut
highest high
tighter closer
satisfactory acceptable
stained stain
descriptions description
ailment illness
duplicates duplicated
abdul abdel
duplicate duplicated
tune melody
hateful detestable
different other
additional extras
additional extra
key essential
corporeal corporal
advice counseling
changeable volatile
appendage appendix
claim claiming
claims claiming
urging urge
urging urges
mania obsession
falsifying counterfeiting
disgusting filthy
scared fearful
commence commenced
silencing silence
analysing analyse
unrivaled incomparable
shockingly astonishingly
consonant commensurate
deny negate
missile projectiles
involve involving
evacuate evacuating
physician physicians
cordless wireless
intensified intensify
worn wear
illegal illicit
unknown undisclosed
lopsided imbalanced
taxi cab
usual ordinary
amazing incredible
awesome impressive
underlined highlighted
subordinate subservient
started starts
started start
accompanying accompany
prospering thriving
diseases illnesses
disease illnesses
diseases illness
disease illness
saami sami
gaining gain
lunacy madness
deposed ousted
accolades tributes
passenger passengers
perfume fragrances
perfumes fragrance
perfume fragrance
perfumes fragrances
treatable curable
renewed renew
prepares prepare
viruses virus
serving serves
serving serve
centennial centenary
misleading fallacious
weaknesses foibles
faulty defective
vigilance alertness
spirited lively
chosen selected
freeway expressway
reforms reformed
reform reformed
inside indoors
denounces condemns
willi willy
superb remarkable
ladies lady
weaken emasculate
specific special
excellent excellence
implementing executing
mode method
acknowledges recognises
ruin destroy
extraordinary special
neutralization neutralize
sulfur sulphur
refresh refreshes
raises evokes
lacking lacks
rodgers rogers
lacking lack
revolting repulsive
various multiple
cracks fissures
adoptive foster
select pick
chaotic anarchic
allowable permissible
expanding broadening
odor scent
scrutiny examination
eric erik
rectify correct
preposterous nonsense
context background
oversight supervision
upcoming future
exempt absolve
shows displays
dmitry dimitri
turning turn
valid legitimate
personalised personalized
sympathize empathize
gunmen shooters
apprehend detain
incessant continued
talking talk
corner cornering
comandante commandant
idiot imbecile
creation establishment
informed enlightened
ruinous catastrophic
budget budgeted
henry henri
suspicious distrustful
mom mama
ire anger
numerical numeric
merger fusion
onlooker bystander
regulatory regulations
regulatory regulation
brow forehead
pure sheer
ok alright
approving approval
tolerant permissive
thompson thomson
deviance deviation
debate debating
phenomenal remarkable
participation turnout
administrative management
concealed covert
adolescent adolescence
muslim moslem
heartache grief
assessment analysis
real actual
wild feral
quarrel squabble
ineluctable unavoidable
washroom bathroom
intake consumption
consistent coherent
impassioned heated
onshore terrestrial
surveillance monitoring
slump collapse
zone area
zones areas
zones area
zone areas
coherence cohesion
ban prohibit
mixing mixture
guidebook handbook
besieging siege
blurred vague
logging log
logging logs
thomson thompson
spuds potatoes
context background
colossal immense
tumult uproar
inhale breathe
utilized used
cellular cellphone
outlook prospect
detested hated
tiny teeny
unwitting unintentional
contested impugned
essential crucial
positive favorable
careful detailed
organizations agencies
accusing accuse
remarkable astonishing
mindful aware
marvelous splendid
impressive awesome
natalie nathalie
nour noor
reconsidering reconsider
integrating integration
distorted deformed
bleeding haemorrhaging
indefinitely eternally
whipping flogging
nanjing nanking
translate translating
allison alison
leaked leak
leaked leaks
resistant resistance
favorite favourite
favorites favourite
henri henry
reconfirm reassert
showdown confrontation
awesome fantastic
splendid terrific
highlighted underlined
request requested
requests requested
unfair iniquitous
haemorrhaging bleeding
oddly weirdly
stephan stefan
congratulates congratulate
distinct separate
unsuitable improper
grandma granny
detrimental harmful
supremely incredibly
dried dehydrated
okay ok
characters character
jinn genie
timeline timeframe
mindless thoughtless
authorize authorized
investigate explore
unforgiving relentless
parachuting parachute
gown robe
decoy bait
pioneer pioneering
pioneers pioneering
avowed stated
timetable timeframe
defective faulty
canal channel
canals channel
hippocratic hippocrates
first firstly
affecting influencing
luxemburg luxembourg
background context
split schism
pecuniary financial
stains smudges
closing close
grey gray
alexandr aleksandr
pounds lbs
carry carrying
standpoint view
carries carrying
kids children
dire dreadful
replaces supersedes
analyze analysis
saison season
representing represent
consolidation consolidating
impatient eager
breastfeeding lactating
nocturnal nightly
astonishingly shockingly
testicle testicular
soybean soy
soybeans soy
regulations regulatory
regulation regulatory
paid pays
paid pay
stubborn persistent
initiate launch
novice beginner
help support
help supporting
mama mum
broadened broaden
deceased decedent
unquestionably doubtlessly
bruise contusion
granddad grandpa
recorded registered
optics optical
modernization modernize
saucepan pot
expertise proficiency
progressively gradually
dives dive
register registered
registers registered
cutting cut
cutting cuts
preventable avoidable
roll rolling
whole entire
supervision oversight
lbs pounds
initializing initialize
pure unadulterated
leases leased
lease leased
shows displays
richie ritchie
abhorrent repulsive
auntie aunt
nightly nighttime
return restitution
reinforce reinforcing
covert disguised
nathalie natalie
underclothes panties
specifications specification
implacable unforgiving
choice choose
luster splendor
dutiful obedient
flasks vials
timid cautious
opinions opinion
attentive observant
stalled deadlocked
widen broaden
advancing advance
ascent rise
impose imposing
exercises exercising
exercise exercising
originally initially
affection fondness
jeffrey jeffery
revenge retaliatory
unreasonable illogical
oorah hoorah
surprisingly stunningly
gruesome grisly
jang chang
bucks dollars
combine merge
inside inner
underneath below
acknowledges admits
size sizing
hazy vague
finances funds
verify verified
unknown unrecognized
unswerving unflinching
mamma mama
clutches clutch
selector picker
phase stage
knowhow knowledge
rank ranked
vasquez vazquez
matching match
matching matches
rationale justifications
rationale justification
refusal refuse
refusal refuses
incapacity inability
virus viruses
substantially significantly
brainstorm brainstorming
defeating defeat
kiosk booth
replied responded
unhappy miserable
organise organising
collaboration cooperation
unsolvable intractable
disloyalty infidelity
voucher coupon
excellency excellence
excellencies excellence
level tier
definitely doubtless
validate validating
beginner novice
breathe breath
luisa louisa
eradicating eradicate
urged exhort
urge exhort
urging exhort
bayern bavaria
animated animate
retrieving retrieve
accumulate amass
exchequer treasury
dependable reliable
deceleration slowing
prolonged sustained
mainly primarily
elimination abolition
mama mom
motorways freeway
motorway freeway
use usage
detested hated
greatly hugely
consolidating consolidation
entrepreneur entrepreneurs
courtesy politeness
underage minor
rank ranked
neutralize neutralization
advice counselling
timeline deadline
importance important
hosted hosts
hosted host
mum mama
positively affirmatively
tier level
bathroom washroom
translating translate
uncertain unsafe
guarantee collateral
worry worried
andrey andrej
obedient dutiful
continued uninterrupted
steven stephens
steven stephen
mohamad mohammad
accelerated accelerating
situated located
shocked shock
formulation articulation
evacuating evacuate
detailed careful
represent represented
aleksandr alexander
suggestion proposition
integrate integrates
prosecuting prosecute
thriving prospering
aerodrome airport
shattered destroyed
continuous ongoing
confrontation encounter
retains preserves
children kid
prenatal antenatal
deadlocked stalled
context background
stains blots
dad papa
reduction reduce
bodily physical
sufficient enough
spaceship starship
adolescence adolescent
great fantastic
disenchantment frustration
damned cursed
inappropriate unsuitable
announcing announce
scandinavian norse
stop halt
fixed fix
uncommon infrequent
pretext pretense
oppressive tyrannical
splendid gorgeous
located situated
shultz schultz
rasheed rashid
erratic irregular
totally diametrically
inclination penchant
inaccurate wrong
timely opportune
branko branco
modification adjustment
refreshes refresh
initially originally
antony anthony
photos photography
photo photography
remodeling reshaping
promotions advancements
promotions advancement
promotion advancement
promotion advancements
validating validate
disseminate dissemination
manure dung
signal signalling
signals signalling
phosphorous phosphorus
appropriate proper
muddle mess
genuine veritable
components component
redistribute redistribution
obligatory compulsory
barbarian barbarous
henri henry
prepare prepares
unnecessary needless
married marry
ignoring ignore
splendour grandeur
airplane aeroplane
apply applies
inner inside
franchise franchising
origin source
renewing renewed
failure insufficiency
traditional conventional
recognize recognising
extraneous irrelevant
pleasing heartening
famous prestigious
criminality incrimination
advancements promotions
advancement promotions
advancement promotion
advancements promotion
teen adolescents
deport deporting
usable useable
efficacious effective
rabbit bunny
remarkable magnificent
rapidly quick
extremely supremely
context backdrop
closest closer
clog obstruct
secret undercover
likelihood probabilities
likelihood probability
counsellor adviser
retrospective retroactive
potpourri medley
incomprehensible unfathomable
grandpas grandfather
vastly immeasurably
doctorate doctoral
paras para
probabilities likelihood
probability likelihood
especial particular
emerging emergent
propitious favorable
unpaid outstanding
unmoved indifferent
awesome incredible
crowded overpopulated
split divided
revise revising
sustained continual
openly candidly
separate seperate
luis louis
saving rescuing
complementary supplemental
balancing balances
balancing balance
mechanised mechanical
splendid fine
spectator onlooker
flawless irreproachable
impossibility impossible
inbound incoming
universally globally
displays shows
verification audit
sitting sit
testicular testicle
constitute constituted
icebox refrigerator
congratulate congratulates
everlasting perpetual
readily easily
needless unnecessary
commandant comandante
protection protective
imposing impose
talk talking
somewhere someplace
chain string
synchronisation synchronize
important importance
humane humanistic
definite clear
focused centered
warmer hotter
specialising specializing
salient important
specification specifications
councillor adviser
malady illness
assess evaluate
adore love
easterly east
contemporary modern
mama mom
wavy corrugated
empowered authorised
mainstay pillar
income earnings
answer answering
modernize modernization
tier level
liquids fluid
liquids fluids
liquid fluids
liquid fluid
tenderness affection
neighbors neighbour
neighbors neighbours
neighbor neighbours
neighbor neighbour
moist damp
miserable unhappy
beatrix beatrice
motherland fatherland
separate distinct
residence abode
panel group
panel groups
feasible achievable
mama mamma
seconds second
thank thanked
timeframe timeline
indubitably indisputably
captures captured
capture captured
testifies testify
addis adis
insurmountable unconquerable
anger fury
earnest serious
fantastic magnificent
perpetual everlasting
destruction destroy
implication repercussions
implications repercussions
upload download
mainly primarily
kmt kuomintang
purged purge
careful circumspect
useable usable
notepad notebook
nikolai nicolai
prominent famous
residue residues
unforgiving implacable
damage damaging
stepping step
spheres areas
resting rest
remedy redress
establishment creation
cut chopped
marry married
voyeur peeper
exploit utilise
impart communicate
turin torino
mccartney macartney
precipitate hurried
evaluated assessed
papa daddy
bln billion
acts act
abraham avraham
despotic dictatorial
lately recently
approves adopts
acknowledge acknowledging
weirdly oddly
endeavor effort
leak leaked
leaks leaked
family familial
assassinated assassinate
expenditures spending
expenditure spending
demerits drawbacks
remarkable splendid
mum mommy
handbook guidebook
installation installing
installations installing
empty hollow
projectiles missile
restitution return
modification alteration
modifications alterations
modification alterations
modifications alteration
naive ingenuous
splendid superb
ignore ignoring
reversal reverse
monitoring surveillance
fine splendid
ricardo riccardo
germane relevant
generators generator
penitentiary prisons
penitentiary prison
penitentiaries prison
penitentiaries prisons
start commence
cost price
amphibious amphibian
narrow restricted
vote voted
votes voted
sculpt carve
solves solve
computed calculated
sustain sustained
mild soft
modelling models
modelling model
rescuer savior
residues residue
registering register
arrange organize
investigative investigation
comprises includes
transmutation transformation
jafar jaffar
antenatal prenatal
hatred hate
preparedness readiness
amazing fantastic
wizard magician
fluid liquids
fluids liquids
fluids liquid
fluid liquid
significantly substantially
perfect perfecting
consistency coherence
film movies
film movie
films movie
films movies
mostly mainly
excursion outing
elastic flexible
mistrustful suspicious
misrepresentation falsification
phosphorus phosphorous
developed established
laurence lawrence
kooks crazies
anachronistic antiquated
promotion advancement
timeline timeframe
sadly unfortunately
incidental collateral
joy gladness
widen broaden
aim purpose
responsibility obligation
insufficiency shortage
flee fleeing
stage phase
retrieve retrieving
forecasted forecasts
forecasted forecast
vet vetting
trip voyage
intensified intensifying
mess muddle
operating working
ancestry descent
attached annexed
including include
urge urging
urges urging
download downloaded
collaborating collaboration
advices tips
advice tips
scent odour
cooperation collaboration
substitute substitutes
acknowledgment acknowledgement
abraham avraham
someone somebody
gathered collected
fax facsimile
faxes facsimile
grandeur splendour
blots stains
striking impressive
distancing distance
dreadful dire
customer clients
inclined willing
fertilizer fertiliser
surveillance supervisory
rebekah rebeca
wrong inaccurate
annual yearly
reflecting reflect
moslem muslims
moslem muslim
integrated embedded
sulphur sulfur
dimitri dmitry
intractable unsolvable
hays hayes
residence residency
vaccination immunization
synchronize synchronisation
horrifying ghastly
grandma grandmother
send sent
impossible impossibility
prayer prayers
inside interior
incredible amazing
contusion bruise
andra andhra
precarious shaky
criticise critique
replicas replica
truck lorry
relevant pertinent
paying paid
cost price
affirmatively positively
negros blacks
hansen hanssen
negroes blacks
acceleration accelerate
risk risks
finalize finalizing
streamline streamlined
builder constructor
ingrate ungrateful
worrisome unsettling
grin smiles
grin smile
fantastic awesome
vapour vapor
withdrawn withdrawal
upshot outcome
authorised empowered
recognising recognize
guidance advice
replaces replace
enchanted charmed
visionary farsighted
accelerating accelerated
harrowing terrible
inverse reverse
series serial
siege besieging
promote promotion
narrow limited
mamma mama
disturbing unnerving
elementary rudimentary
achievable feasible
factor factored
quick expeditiously
strange weird
dad papa
commemoration remembrance
bucket pail
help support
helps support
challenging challenge
challenging challenges
mixture mixing
tighten tightens
desert deserts
miserable measly
increased heighten
increasing heighten
increase heighten
aims objectives
wiretap wiretapping
malignant cancerous
dominique dominic
nonsense foolishness
hidden covert
easily readily
emphatically flatly
exclusively purely
powerful mighty
bathhouse bathroom
return revert
returns revert
fanatic bigoted
fantastic amazing
distorted warped
analyzed analyze
risks risk
dye colouring
programme programs
lidia lydia
alteration modification
alterations modifications
alterations modification
alteration modifications
double doubles
preserves retains
imbecile idiot
exchanges share
exchange share
exchange sharing
selected chosen
partnership collaboration
partnerships collaboration
tabled submitted
hazardous dangerous
attainable possible
close closing
closes closing
authorised authorise
aversion antipathy
magistracy judiciary
indoors inside
lethal fatal
deservedly rightly
tribune rostrum
hebrew jewish
vermillion vermilion
shootout firefight
grandad grandpa
emphasize emphasized
contest competition
contests competitions
contest competitions
contests competition
babe babies
dive dives
prosecute prosecuting
warrant warranted
marijuana marihuana
convene summon
quilt comforter
intimidating threatening
assad asad
decreases reduced
decreasing reduced
decrease reduce
decrease reduces
decreasing reduces
decreases reduces
decrease reduced
decreasing reducing
decreases reduce
decrease reducing
decreases reducing
decreasing reduce
hedge hedged
molestation harassment
collaborating cooperating
additionally furthermore
uniting unifying
protective preventative
thorns prickles
feature characteristic
enlarged expanded
borrowing borrow
global worldwide
cloning clone
brits british
pamphlet brochures
pamphlet brochure
pamphlets brochure
pamphlets brochures
supervising supervise
impaired damaged
squabble quarrel
harbour harbor
harbours harbor
azeem azim
faster quicker
likes fond
replica replicas
readiness preparedness
primal primordial
adequate sufficient
terrible gruesome
isolated isolate
bn billion
preventative protective
stephane stefan
magnificent fantastic
particularly notably
presents presenting
present presenting
papa dad
lecture lecturing
lectures lecturing
papa dad
unintentional unwitting
oversee supervise
wary careful
reliability dependability
infirmity disability
renown fame
obedient docile
facsimile fax
facsimile faxes
bosoms breasts
evaluated evaluate
determined resolute
ordinance regulation
deportation deporting
fulfil perform
check verify
reinforcing reinforce
correct rectify
brochure booklets
brochure booklet
brochures booklet
brochures booklets
reverence awe
show display
restrictions limitations
restriction limitation
restrictions limitation
restriction limitations
collateral incidental
compliance conformity
heartening pleasing
avraham abraham
abolish eliminate
zero nil
motif motive
thoughtless mindless
significant momentous
prevent inhibit
customarily routinely
wanna want
barrier hurdle
wiretapping wiretap
gambling betting
rush hurry
fantastic extraordinary
differences variance
difference variance
disability infirmity
stereotypical stereotyping
decrease decline
formulates formulate
cognizant aware
contributing contribute
detention custody
uncover unmask
fantastic awesome
grow increase
ambiance atmosphere
extending expand
grains cereals
evaluate assess
resolving solve
vitaly vitali
basic baseline
travel voyage
insignificant minor
smooth seamless
nightly overnight
available accessible
blokes guys
wear worn
offender wrongdoer
gap loophole
falsification misrepresentation
strides steps
pursuant accordance
dangerous hazardous
group panel
motive reason
vortex whirlpool
regains regain
broaden expand
overpopulated crowded
fulfillment realization
closed close
smudges stains
uproar tumult
terrible ghastly
valid meaningful
intensifying intensified
unbiased dispassionate
purpose intent
primarily mainly
includes comprises
emphasize underline
emphasized underline
emphasize underlined
emphasized underlined
gunter gunther
accessible available
accuses accusing
imaginary fictitious
ingredient ingredients
reuniting reunion
participation engagement
till until
insufficiency inadequacy
detestable hateful
guidebook handbook
validates validate
remarkable spectacular
cash money
weak vulnerable
involvement involved
frequently often
authoritarian despotic
papa dad
cunning clever
pinnacle peak
singular unique
cooperate cooperation
raising raise
raising raises
sent send
cm centimetre
adversity hardship
frightening fearsome
collaboration cooperating
subsequent resultant
suffocating smothering
generator generators
kilo kg
ritchie richie
unsuitable inappropriate
register registries
registers registries
mujahideen mujaheddin
serous serious
rough coarse
impotent powerless
examination scrutiny
fade dissipate
intersection crossroad
dad papa
rife prevalent
emphasised underlined
heavenly divine
vanished gone
doctoral doctorate
operative operating
driveway gangway
fade fading
abusive improper
forgiving tolerant
goalkeeper goalie
rise climb
consolidate consolidated
conversion converting
conversions converting
inherent innate
healy healey
fall fallen
submits submit
para paras
indispensable critical
prestigious famous
flogging whipping
pjs pajamas
emergencies contingencies
emergency contingencies
emergency contingency
emergencies contingency
divine heavenly
critical indispensable
overall whole
promotes promote
skipper captain
phillipe philippe
analysis analyze
shrimp prawn
resists resist
dehydrated dried
grandfather grandpa
dogged tenacious
unrecognized unknown
perpetual continual
inhospitable hostile
honey sweetheart
mummy mommy
dose dosage
beneficial salutary
induction initiation
mama mamma
constituted constitute
compilation compile
demonic diabolical
bygones pasts
bygones past
deserts desert
selector picker
extraordinarily uncommonly
kidnapping abducting
enlargements broadening
enlargement broadening
perfect perfected
aunt auntie
affirms affirm
prisons penitentiary
prison penitentiary
prison penitentiaries
prisons penitentiaries
contributes contribute
retired retire
syed sayyed
prevent deter
batiste baptiste
stingy miserly
teens adolescent
teens adolescents
grownups adults
story tale
source origin
level tier
expedited rapid
inconsistent incompatible
overseas abroad
tsai cai
justifications rationale
justification rationale
underline emphasize
underline emphasized
underlined emphasize
underlined emphasized
abdomen stomach
tips advices
tips advice
spanner wrench
objective goal
realisation materialization
fix fixed
broaden widen
modest limited
stomach abdomen
assures ensures
routinely customarily
presented present
presented presents
formal official
philippe phillipe
character characters
era epoch
ass arse
noticeable recognizable
smile grin
greedy rapacious
negative unfavorable
path way
wrong improper
mandatory obligatory
merited deserved
boldly fearlessly
incoming inbound
annexed attached
antiterrorist counterterrorism
initiate launch
supervisory oversight
solve solves
karim kareem
armoury arsenal
harmless benign
wounding wound
synchronicity synchronisation
lanes lane
explore investigate
breathe inhale
specializing specialising
raoul raul
contribute contributing
completed finished
baptiste batiste
siena sienna
assessed evaluated
fulfilment fulfillment
compulsory obligatory
imprisonment internment
impressive stunning
barman bartender
leisure recreation
specificity peculiarity
month months
interview interviewing
interviews interviewing
wound wounding
julia yulia
coherence consistency
browse navigate
sienna siena
resolute determined
damaging damage
deliberately advisedly
janvier january
stretching stretch
revising revise
voc vocs
detect identify
wharf quay
billion bn
billions bn
acknowledged recognize
own owned
starts commences
terrible awful
junkies hopheads
siege encirclement
haemorrhaging hemorrhage
presumed putative
rough rugged
creation establishment
creation establishments
bruise bruising
daddy papa
sanctioning sanctions
sanctioning sanction
describe describing
slide sliding
slides sliding
bacteria bacterium
harmony concord
unavoidable inevitable
impartial dispassionate
redistribution redistribute
splendid lovely
recovers recover
giddy dizzy
figures numerals
appointed nominated
excitation arousal
motivating motivated
conception vision
sampled samples
sampled sample
outlawed prohibited
certainly assuredly
reduced decreases
reduced decreasing
reduce decrease
reduces decrease
reduces decreasing
reduces decreases
reduced decrease
reducing decreasing
reduce decreases
reducing decrease
reducing decreases
reduce decreasing
raise rise
raising rise
staircase stairs
raul raoul
tenant renter
appalling frightful
accompany accompanying
indigent destitute
unforeseeable unpredictable
indifferent unconcerned
love adore
permissible allowable
gradually progressively
gain obtain
gain obtained
gained obtained
gained obtaining
gain obtaining
gained obtain
terrific extraordinary
unpredictable unforeseeable
flyers handbills
grandpa grandfather
eliminate eliminates
olympia olimpia
plague pestilence
squabble bickering
benign harmless
miserly stingy
suspicious mistrustful
stave avert
expanding broadening
eliminate abolish
working operating
operating operate
showcases showcase
ghastly horrendous
statutory regulatory
value valued
canceled cancel
eternal everlasting
cut chopped
tools instrument
tool instrument
tools instruments
tool instruments
halts stop
halt stop
counterterrorism antiterrorist
halts halting
halt halting
granddaddy granddad
maximise maximizing
turn turning
carve sculpt
lowa iowa
preference predilection
notify inform
collin colin
correct correcting
supervise oversee
extraordinarily supremely
bacterium bacteria
taut tense
truthfully sincerely
flaw weakness
reduce decrease
indisputably indubitably
sort sorting
sorts sorting
responded replied
cooperating collaborating
sloth laziness
deals dealing
redress remedy
persistent continual
deal dealing
contribute contributes
closing close
resolute steadfast
closing closes
assent acquiescence
glaring conspicuous
sickness illness
sickness illnesses
level tier
aggregate total
tuning adjusting
timeframe timetable
carsten karsten
fissures cracks
accusing accuses
transmissions transmitting
transmission transmitting
passport passports
pillar mainstay
finding conclusion
assessing assessment
separate dissociate
risk peril
deform distort
counterintuitive illogical
irrelevant extraneous
wretched miserable
retrieve recovering
analysis analytical
analyses analytical
vain fruitless
mobilizing mobilization
curious weird
garments clothing
garment clothing
robe gown
overt blatant
attire dress
conversation talking
perform fulfil
applies apply
tarek tareq
timeframe timeline
descent ancestry
acknowledgement acknowledgment
conducive favourable
lx lux
held hold
growth grow
innate inherent
cooperation conjunction
madness foolishness
collaborate collaboration
bordello brothel
nursing nurses
nursing nurse
fertiliser fertilizer
goodbye farewell
surely assuredly
analytical analysis
analytical analyses
somebody someone
noticeable palpable
disguised covert
skill dexterity
oversight supervisory
riccardo ricardo
unsolved unresolved
infectious contagious
revert return
noticeable detectable
scaffolding scaffold
solitude loneliness
overall whole
oversight supervisory
refurbishment renovation
refurbishment renovations
moderator facilitator
latent dormant
brazil brasil
meyers myers
amidst amid
regrettably unfortunately
ending termination
economical frugal
materialization realisation
stockpiles stockpiled
stockpile stockpiled
management administrative
plate plating
rugged rough
approval approving
pamphlet booklets
pamphlet booklet
pamphlets booklet
pamphlets booklets
unwarranted baseless
accommodation accomodation
accommodations accomodation
slowing deceleration
offers provides
persistently obstinately
candidly openly
dispute conflicts
appendix appendage
dispute conflict
disputes conflicts
disputes conflict
accidently accidentally
workmanship craftsmanship
illness sickness
illnesses sickness
palsy paralysis
animate animated
samir sameer
awkward clumsy
dizzy giddy
cavalier arrogant
peace peaceful
altitude elevation
mckenzie mackenzie
reliable dependable
reflect reflecting
counselling advice
transpose transposed
customarily ordinarily
outstanding unsolved
inadequacy insufficiency
sustained prolonged
motorway expressway
tm mt
tolerant forgiving
fraudulent deceitful
start initiate
solve solved
micheal michael
sportive sports
henry henri
captives prisoners
motivated motivating
started start
avoidable preventable
opinion opinions
starts started
start started
contracts contracting
contract contracting
dear beloved
exhibition exhibitions
choose selecting
lawfully legally
continuously perpetually
nos no
revenue earnings
primarily mainly
desire desired
responsability responsibility
producer grower
broaden expanding
unthinking thoughtless
mainly mostly
established developed
advice guidance
areas regions
florins guilders
regain regains
stefan stephan
emptiness vacuum
azim azeem
farewell goodbye
glad grateful
iniquity injustice
destroy destruction
expedited accelerated
subsurface underground
transitioning transitions
transitioning transition
awaiting awaits
reuben ruben
sustaining sustain
worldwide international
feature features
furthering promoting
hemp cannabis
intent purpose
endangering threatening
stephenson stevenson
mahmood mahmud
g gs
mommy mummy
advisedly intentionally
maybe perhaps
honour honoured
halting halts
halting halt
loophole gap
childbirth birthing
spend expenditure
characteristic feature
utilizing use
andhra andra
principally primarily
incompatible inconsistent
unsupported groundless
audacity temerity
stain stained
consolidation consolidating
reconfirm affirm
cancelling annulment
tendon sinew
interrogated interrogating
clutch clutches
retrieve recoup
annulment cancelling
steps strides
supervision supervising
sevilla seville
hz hertz
acceptable allowable
mommy mummy
damaged impaired
fake fraudulent
secure securing
abroad overseas
arouse cause
analysing analyze
notebook notepad
fragile flimsy
designation naming
perform performed
motherhood maternity
children kids
craftsmanship workmanship
cecilia cecelia
rebecca rebeca
fantastic superb
mild gentle
advise advising
retour return
handicap disability
edouard eduard
decrease reduce
verify check
continual steady
twisty twisted
mcclane mclane
months month
jewish hebrew
surrender capitulate
airport aerodrome
ingredients ingredient
inspect reviewing
inspect review
napoli naples
massive colossal
jaffar jafar
vermilion vermillion
rachel rachael
culprit perpetrator
slows slow
usual typical
match matching
matches matching
deviation deviance
surrogate alternative
consequently accordingly
escapes flees
interior inside
divided split
eriksson ericsson
enhancing boosting
examine investigate
exalted lofty
hungarian hungary
pallet palette
lecturing lecture
lecturing lectures
pay remuneration
papa daddy
miserable wretched
hereafter hereinafter
fictitious imaginary
announced announces
shy bashful
helps help
breath breathe
native aboriginal
bullshit crap
limitations restrictions
limitation restriction
limitation restrictions
limitations restriction
immense gigantic
reusing reuse
transmitting transmissions
transmitting transmission
handbook guidebook
neighbour neighbors
neighbours neighbors
neighbours neighbor
neighbour neighbor
dose dosage
doses dosage
deserted desolate
firefight shootout
unbelievable incredible
revive reviving
consultants advisers
consultants adviser
consultant advisers
consultant adviser
bystander onlooker
disinfecting disinfection
define defining
ask asks
numeric numerical
retreating retreats
retreating retreat
reuse reusing
killer murderer
corporeal physical
dispute disputing
smallest limited
small limited
wicked bad
want wanna
wanted wanna
depression slump
detected discovered
falsehood untruth
cooperation collaborating
cooperation collaborate
cooperation collaborated
advance advancing
mobilization mobilizing
acids acidic
fertile productive
threatening endangering
choose select
affection tenderness
remarkable marked
compensation recompense
hikes hiking
hike hiking
uninterrupted continual
level tier
fractured broken
report reporting
analytical analysis
replace replaces
support help
supporting help
relentless persistent
villain scoundrel
kidnaped abducted
merciful compassionate
concentrates concentrate
grandmother grandma
tricks ruses
inhumane subhuman
pamphlet brochure
initiation launch
joyous happy
illogical absurd
rahim raheem
balances balancing
subway underpass
balance balancing
paternal fatherly
complexity intricacy
topography topographical
lane lanes
quicker faster
close closed
corn maize
reshaping remodeling
improper irregular
deletion deleting
alibis excuse
alibi excuse
undefined indeterminate
ordinarily customarily
faintly weakly
lukas lucas
duty responsibility
minor minors
start started
altering modifying
mobilisation mobilizing
antipathy aversion
fatherly paternal
eradicate eradication
abused abuse
abandoned abandon
existing extant
preventable avoidable
cleaning cleansing
adjustment modification
fearlessly boldly
discordant dissenting
group panel
groups panel
pay remuneration
agitation excitement
fuzzy blurred
crossroads juncture
insufficiency shortfall
terrestrial earthly
daddy papa
mckay mackay
cautious timid
recovering retrieve
double doubly
armored armor
remuneration pay
disconnected disconnect
blah bla
available accessible
recycled recycle
symphony symphonic
startled surprised
comforter quilt
gross flagrant
murad morad
reels bobbins
realistic lifelike
untruth falsehood
papa daddy
widen expand
skeptical scepticism
dosage dose
mate mating
gorgeous wonderful
ismael ishmael
chang jang
consolidated consolidate
boring dreary
selecting choose
escalated escalate
advancement promotion
absurd illogical
custodian keeper
boats vessels
boat vessels
boat vessel
boats vessel
meagre scarce
refrigerator icebox
amending modifying
wrench spanner
aeroplane airplane
supper dinner
daring boldness
marihuana marijuana
flagrant gross
depletion destruction
overall general
fading fade
access accessing
official formal
brothel bordello
provisions regulations
modernize retrofit
rape raping
foibles weaknesses
romania rumania
regulations provisions
confederacy confederation
enact enacting
impressive striking
runner racer
coach coaching
coaches coaching
rethink reconsideration
unbelievable implausible
submit submits
racer runner
id identifier
ids identifier
oversight surveillance
mcdonald macdonald
gets obtains
insurrection insurgency
extreme exceptional
freddy freddie
remarkable outstanding
collaboration collaborate
dependence dependency
couples matches
supervising oversight
native indigenous
children kids
filthy dirty
covert concealed
defeat defeating
dirty filthy
engagement commitment
dredged dredge
anxious apprehensive
ruben reuben
clients customers
client customer
client customers
clients customer
process processed
repercussions implication
repercussions implications
worrying unsettling
minor insignificant
navigate browse
minimal minimum
biggest greatest
remarkable striking
asks ask
finalizing finalize
matches couples
noxious injurious
ishmael ismael
features feature
heaps piles
expand widening
mean meaning
lubricant lube
analyzing analysis
analyzing analyses
analyse analysing
releases releasing
release releasing
cut chopping
cutting chopping
freshen refresh
initiation induction
juvenile underage
sinew tendon
horrific frightful
primarily essentially
reconsider reconsidering
incomparable unrivaled
borrow borrowing
alleged putative
brochure pamphlet
hut shack
mankind humanity
susanna susana
intestinal bowel
honey darlings
achievable possible
closer closest
fate destiny
illness ailment
ingenuous naive
guides handbook
guide handbook
background context
restricted narrow
increased enhanced
clients customer
bigoted fanatic
inexpressible unspeakable
ghastly horrific
raise increase
problem issue
gangway driveway
compromise jeopardize
unshakable steadfast
no nos
gargantuan gigantic
centred centre
share exchanges
share exchange
sharing exchange
undercover clandestine
verified verify
prickles thorns
attempt try
split divide
split divided
chairman chairperson
prospect prospecting
eradicate eradication
advert advertisements
advert advertisement
timetable timeframe
yusef youssef
gentle mild
redirect reroute
continue continuous
stockpile stockpiling
bunches clusters
mommy mummy
resist resists
spacecraft spaceship
slumber sleep
arse ass
unavoidable ineluctable
meal meals
detained detain
remarked noted
tits nipples
mammoth huge
find found
mollusc shellfish
odd bizarre
sane sensible
signal signals
ordinance regulations
dated dates
dated date
elevation altitude
wrath ire
vile evil
photo picture
moslem muslim
logistical logistics
truthfully truly
recreation leisure
threatening intimidating
limited smallest
limited small
inland interior
irregular improper
context background
regulatory statutory
conformity compliance
scrupulous careful
inalienable integral
deplorable pitiful
limited modest
method mode
displays shows
indifferent unmoved
readies prepared
ready prepared
problem trouble
marko marco
assessment assessing
banding band
sued sues
sued sue
minimum minimal
dams dykes
processors processor
reprieve suspension
nighttime nightly
mating mate
represent representing
download upload
avril april
illogical counterintuitive
ramshackle dilapidated
susana susanna
expanded enlarged
medley potpourri
nicolai nikolai
researchers investigator
researcher investigators
researcher investigator
researchers investigators
compression compressing
routing route
routing routes
operating operation
renewal renewing
yulia julia
elemental elementary
alexandr alexander
depletion depleting
rashid rasheed
bad wicked
appraisals assessments
disappear disappears
rogers rodgers
powerless impotent
validate validates
forecast prognosis
important significance
uv ultraviolet
strongly powerfully
investigator researchers
investigators researcher
investigator researcher
investigators researchers
predominantly mainly
lydia lidia
seely seeley
encirclement siege
introduces introduce
hereditary genetic
hurried precipitous
unknown uncharted
jacque jacques
nicolai nikolai
difficult thorny
rating assessment
reducing decrease
reduced decreased
reducing decreased
reduce decrease
reduce decreased
reduced decrease
laziness sloth
stephens steven
stephen steven
ungrateful ingrate
superior supreme
exceptional extreme
japanese japan
restricting limiting
grandpa grandad
hold held
invaluable precious
engagement involvement
blend mixing
incredible unbelievable
craziness insanity
lobbying lobby
irregular erratic
inner internal
kneecap patella
help helps
yell shout
weakly faintly
shipment consignment
shipment consignments
shipments consignments
shipments consignment
maximizing maximise
mirrored mirrors
mirrored mirror
kw kilowatts
kw kilowatt
inland interior
mandated mandates
mandated mandate
restrained limited
act acts
overdone exaggerated
knotty thorny
calculated computed
essentially primarily
persistent persevering
sternly severely
moron idiot
particularly specifically
deadline timeline
terrain ground
chopped cut
nipples tits
typical usual
analysing analysis
eduard edouard
improper abusive
fearsome terrible
behaviours conducts
behaviours conduct
behaviour conduct
behaviour conducts
affirm reconfirm
interrogating interrogated
lunacy insanity
fuelling refilling
loneliness solitude
introduction introductions
greatest biggest
fantastic marvelous
liberate release
expand widen
greeting salutation
describing describe
defining define
bet wager
prawn shrimp
headquarters hq
hate hatred
oil petroleum
gustav gustaf
accustomed familiar
improper unsuitable
babies babe
store boutique
hopheads junkies
certification certificate
mixing blend
certification certificates
obligatory compulsory
abducting kidnapping
unique specific
raheem rahim
protect safeguard
wireless cordless
hadji haji
lot batch
lots batch
honey sweetheart
progression advancement
dumb stupid
properly correctly
mockery derision
enhances strengthens
serene tranquil
adjusted readjust
chairperson chairman
marked noticeable
burma myanmar
manly masculine
cluster clustered
clusters clustered
vial flask
mummy mommy
acquire acquiring
engagement involvement
expressway freeway
immediatly immediately
habitats habitat
concentrate concentrates
accessible available
captain skipper
evacuated evacuating
domain realm
centimetre cm
toilet latrines
devising formulating
kilograms kg
recover recovers
name naming
identify identifies
proposition proposal
propositions proposal
proposition proposals
propositions proposals
topographical topography
step stepping
detection detecting
dates dated
date dated
integration integrating
shrimp prawn
macdonald mcdonald
investigate examine
particular specific
phrasing formulation
select choose
purging purge
analysis analytical
identifies identify
negotiate negotiated
parentage ancestry
stairs staircase
announces announced
prosperous prospering
lone single
designation denomination
designation denominations
anarchic chaotic
complex convoluted
patella kneecap
deluxe luxurious
perform fulfill
prohibit ban
none no
background context
concentration focus
concentration focuses
nikolai nicolai
cereals grains
operate operated
manuals handbook
manual handbook
vacuum emptiness
various assorted
minor minors
register registering
reason motive
retains retain
recognizable perceptible
lucid clear
hearth fireplace
legally lawfully
destroyed shattered
derision mockery
thorny knotty
armor armored
correctly properly
palette pallet
recovering recover
consists comprises
banning prohibit
funds finances
client customers
tranquil peaceful
glut surplus
exclude excluding
earnest sincere
resolved resolve
purpose aim
bruising bruise
enacting enact
obsession mania
unique exclusive
appalling ghastly
corn maize
maize corn
messaging messages
analyze analyzed
messaging message
clever cunning
launch start
finite restricted
second seconds
afflicted stricken
stretch stretching
broaden widen
bad negative
steadfast unshakable
splendid marvelous
concurrent simultaneous
involvement engagement
horrible frightful
neutralize offset
commences begins
promote promotes
protection protective
investigate explore
realist realistic
totally absolutely
indicating indicate
barbarous barbarian
unresolved unsolved
confirms affirms
toppling overthrowing
korea rok
lively spirited
improper incorrect
deficiency weakness
aleksandr alexandr
sweep sweeping
analysis analysing
steadfastly adamantly
macao macau
skillful clever
warlock sorcerer
legitimate valid
superb fantastic
darlings honey
miss mademoiselle
brings bring
showcase showcases
acidic acids
area zone
areas zones
area zones
areas zone
mainly principally
substitutions replacements
substitution replacements
substitution replacement
substitutions replacement
challenge challenging
challenges challenging
xmas christmases
xmas christmas
dosage dose
dosage doses
enhanced increased
outstanding remarkable
elders seniors
cuts slices
favourable conducive
qualifying qualify
refund repayment
evil diabolical
decrease reducing
decreased reduced
decreased reducing
decrease reduce
decreased reduce
decrease reduced
colman coleman
cooperation cooperate
dictatorial despotic
backgrounds context
background context
insane senseless
precious invaluable
steady continual
meaning mean
authorise authorised
united unified
mean meaning
communicates communicate
broken fractured
miserable pitiful
colin collin
scottish scotch
cookie biscuit
calamity cataclysm
misleading specious
implausible unbelievable
budgeted budget
budgeted budgets
identify detect
bla blah
reconstructing reconstruct
unlimited infinite
ruthless relentless
cruise cruising
sneaky devious
circumspect wary
tuning tune
dual twin
debating debate
debating debates
reconsideration rethink
inform notify
bbq barbecue
noticeable marked
keeper custodian
inhospitable harsh
incorrect improper
incoming inbound
adieu farewell
scarce meagre
salutation greeting
enlarge expand
mujaheddin mujahideen
cesar caesar
disinfection disinfecting
papa daddy
specific particular
specifics particulars
specific particulars
arsenal armoury
areas spheres
seniors elders
evacuating evacuated
recently lately
advising advise
aboriginals indigenous
aboriginal indigenous
noted remarked
electing elect
collaborate collaborating
reunion reuniting
meals meal
centimetre cm
olimpia olympia
gorgeous beautiful
dependency dependence
formulating devising
moron idiot
desolate deserted
observe observing
cool cooling
adviser counsellor
promotion promote
peculiar unique
emphasize highlight
mum mom
indispensable imperative
crossed cross
marvellous excellent
schedule timetable
adjusting adjustments
adjusting adjustment
renting rents
renting rent
illusory illusive
map mapping
maps mapping
purge purging
daily everyday
comandante commander
boldness daring
fuzzy vague
verifying verification
muhammed mohamed
idiot moron
disappears disappear
expulsion banishment
ludicrous silly
maize corn
context backgrounds
scoundrel villain
context background
pot saucepan
context background
pleasantly happily
inappropriate unfit
skate skating
baseline basic
eliminate elimination
significance importance
remuneration pay
lux lx
helps contributes
cervical uterine
gruesome hideous
wonderful gorgeous
invigorating stimulating
unflinching steadfast
christy christie
vacuum void
supervising overseeing
madman lunatic
browse navigate
mom mama
delayed postponed
shows display
show display
pacification peace
asiatic asian
guidance advice
superb exceptional
toasted toast
selecting choose
incredible awesome
soft mild
cruising cruise
ensures assures
dumbfounded amazed
dictate impose
dictate imposing
termination ending
insanity lunacy
processor processors
excitement agitation
mommy mum
ceaseless constant
awesome terrific
overt apparent
detain detained
rostrum tribune
halted halt
halted halts
send dispatch
alright ok
interior inside
plant facility
blamed blame
tie tying
equipment appliance
luxurious deluxe
residence abode
examines examine
environment surroundings
environments surroundings
unknown uncertain
added add
added adds
fecund fertile
recognizing acknowledgement
excluding exclude
assessing assessment
assessing assessments
comprehend fathom
bruxelles brussels
defamation libel
pick select
shortcoming gap
purchasing buying
induced induce
insurgency insurrection
bickering squabble
enigma puzzle
extraordinary fantastic
tier level
ancestry parentage
illicit unlawful
synching syncing
yelena jelena
rebeca rebecca
securing secure
diabolical demonic
babe baby
presidents chairperson
president chairperson
unfortunate hapless
docile compliant
dinner supper
maisons homes
obligatory mandatory
gomes gomez
contrition remorse
reconditioning refurbishing
classic typical
transitory transitional
calculated calculate
onshore inshore
underpass subway
tune tuning
stunningly amazingly
twisted twisty
incarceration imprisonment
terrestrial onshore
until till
manoel manuel
boosting enhancing
reptilian reptiles
lessening decrease
shaky unstable
seville sevilla
attention attentiveness
minimal minimum
passover easter
banning outlawing
gentleman gentlemen
former erstwhile
fierce vehement
religious religion
religious religions
discernible apparent
oskar oscar
oskar oscars
importance significance
provides offers
deepens deepening
maas meuse
nominating nominate
cooling cool
uploaded downloaded
adapting tailoring
protect safeguard
rapids quick
rapid quick
renowned known
manufacturers maker
manufacturer maker
turnaround turnabout
sweetheart honey
scent odour
sliding slide
sliding slides
fiasco debacle
mummy mum
handbills flyers
known renowned
relentless ruthless
closest nearest
synchronisation synchronicity
foolish ludicrous
stylishly elegantly
exclusive unique
pact treaty
act law
defined identified
kareem karim
accordingly consequently
dissenting discordant
jubilant joyous
exhort urge
accelerated expedited
dirty squalid
causative causal
incomes revenues
incomes revenue
income revenues
income revenue
elementary elemental
puke puking
legislation law
retain retains
indicate indicating
mitigating mitigation
penalties punishments
adolescents teen
convert transform
indigenous aboriginals
indigenous aboriginal
old elderly
obliged oblige
mummy mommy
commitment engagement
reflection contemplation
maintenance upkeep
assembly assemblage
livable inhabitable
forecasts forecasted
forecast forecasted
idiots idiot
mt tm
beatrice beatrix
somber grim
soy soya
bobbins reels
awesome terrific
overridden override
uselessly pointlessly
dykes dams
efficacious efficient
prisoners captives
supreme superior
prominent remarkable
display show
deadly fatal
mapping map
rendering render
mapping maps
undies underclothes
shout yell
centered centred
bartender barman
josef jozef
starting commencement
start commencement
breathing breathe
yun yoon
perpetrator culprit
obtain gain
obtained gain
obtained gained
obtaining gained
obtaining gain
obtain gained
analyse analysis
closest nearer
close near
closer near
closest near
close nearer
closer nearer
closest nearest
unfortunately sadly
restricted limited
efficient efficacy
launch initiate
fond likes
start launch
blacks negroes
thoughtless unthinking
sicilia sicily
punishments penalties
deceased departed
willing inclined
slanted inclined
treasury exchequer
numerals figures
switched switch
mercantile commercial
anthony antony
asceticism austerity
handbook guides
handbook guide
blizzard snowstorm
decrease declines
decreases decline
decrease decline
mathilda matilda
falsify counterfeit
daddy papa
danzig gdansk
idiot moron
weaknesses disadvantages
destruction depletion
gentleman gentlemen
trip voyage
scarcity shortage
scarcity shortages
limited restricted
snowstorm blizzard
countenance endorsed
countenance endorse
genetic hereditary
neighborhood vicinity
add added
adds added
converting conversion
converting conversions
discriminatory discriminating
offset neutralize
outside exterior
want wanna
insanity craziness
lunatic madman
faraway remote
shortfall insufficiency
zack zach
promoting furthering
agustin augustin
adjusting tuning
terrestrial ground
perceptible recognizable
misery wretchedness
communicate communicates
hijack kidnap
advisers consultants
adviser consultants
advisers consultant
adviser consultant
unsung unknown
dip drop
watchful careful
poultry fowl
nasty dirty
vocs voc
unfortunately regrettably
brake braking
casas homes
hindrance handicap
tilman tillman
abject extreme
chopped cut
brave gallant
steer steering
meaning mean
perils dangers
peril danger
peril dangers
destroy ruin
peeper voyeur
waking awakening
marijuana marihuana
foolishness madness
cohesion coherence
certificate certification
certificates certification
path route
path routing
debriefing debrief
sneeze sneezing
hardship adversity
daddy papa
wickedness evil
abhorrent hideous
customers clients
customer client
customers client
customer clients
yearly annual
biscuit cookie
firemen firefighters
fireman firefighters
firemen firefighter
fireman firefighter
beloved dear
regulatory regulation
regulatory regulations
grows grow
recurring recurrent
regulation regulatory
regulations regulatory
volunteer voluntary
properly appropriately
evaluate evaluated
ordinary usual
disasters catastrophes
disasters catastrophe
disaster catastrophes
disaster catastrophe
hazardous noxious
moslem muslims
helpful advantageous
queues queuing
queue queuing
habitually ordinarily
distributed circulated
activating activate
purge purged
stress stressing
assessment assessed
appropriately properly
renews renew
doctors physician
doctor physicians
doctors physicians
doctor physician
sorcerer warlock
amid amidst
assassinate assassinated
impressive awesome
eliminate abolish
slash reduced
slash reducing
slash reduce
authorized authorize
examine examines
destructive ruinous
terrific fantastic
mobilizing mobilisation
zach zack
principally mainly
fame renown
condemns denounces
farewell goodbye
handbook manuals
handbook manual
altering alter
figures digits
company corporation
companies corporation
represented represent
corrugated wavy
blurred unclear
comparisons comparing
comparison comparing
unnecessary superfluous
holy sacred
prohibit banning
independant independent
undertakes undertake
bathroom bathhouse
obnoxious offensive
coleman colman
specious deceptive
district arrondissement
predominantly primarily
cooperation cooperated
cooperation cooperate
bore bored
stiff harsh
reciprocal mutual
extraordinaire extraordinary
netherlands holland
primarily principally
simultaneous concurrent
comprises consists
readjust adjusted
spectacular splendid
synopsis summary
seems seem
hippocrates hippocratic
rise hike
luxembourg luxemburg
agricultural agrarian
restrict constrict
revenues incomes
revenue incomes
revenues income
revenue income
endeavour attempt
declines decrease
decline decreases
decline decrease
fils sons
detected detect
sugary sweet
predecessor forerunner
thought think
contingencies emergencies
contingencies emergency
contingency emergency
contingency emergencies
beeping beep
no none
recognising acknowledgement
undies panties
band banding
centred centered
interruptions disruption
interruption disruption
maybe perhaps
meaningful valid
astonishing impressive
expeditious rapid
farooq farouk
involvement engagement
amusement entertainment
timeline timeframe
pursue pursuing
overly excessively
hideous gruesome
nominates nominate
idiot idiots
oorah hooray
bungalow cottage
fantastic superb
avid enthusiastic
disadvantages weaknesses
menus menu
bony bone
boost boosting
tied tie
boosts boosting
nearest closest
solve resolving
realization fulfillment
shelly shelley
restoration refurbishing
kidnap hijack
fireplace hearth
commend commends
amplify intensify
identified identify
phase stage
phased staged
conflicting contradictory
vicinity neighborhood
placate calm
evokes raises
terrific awesome
puzzle enigma
overthrowing toppling
sheng shing
repositioning reposition
dirt filth
objectives aims
communicating communication
juncture crossroads
soya soy
caesar cesar
tutelage guardianship
variants variation
variant variation
variant variations
variants variations
shift change
outsourcing outsource
louis luis
freddie freddy
fearful apprehensive
pious devout
unrest disorder
tumult commotion
unknown unspecified
forthright direct
engagement commitment
huntingdon huntington
sweeping sweep
implausible incredible
similar akin
counsellor adviser
iowa lowa
possible attainable
avowed declared
communal collective
law act
phony fake
rebooting reboot
infinite boundless
ventilation ventilating
buddies pals
overseeing supervise
dragon dragons
incomparable unrivalled
route path
routing path
disability handicap
prohibited outlawed
broadening enlargements
broadening enlargement
navigate browse
acquiring acquire
mama mom
convalescence recovery
decrease lessening
catastrophes disasters
catastrophe disasters
catastrophes disaster
catastrophe disaster
evil malicious
route routing
routes routing
rashness haste
limited narrow
joseph josef
think thought
adrenalin epinephrine
governance management
ice icing
initiate launch
durable sustainable
initiate start
disruption interruptions
disruption interruption
establishment creation
establishments creation
unimportant minor
ending discontinue
end discontinue
overall total
exterior outside
accountancy accounting
governance management
realistic realist
interrupting interrupt
alive lively
revitalization revival
chili chile
lunatic insane
booting boot
booting boots
videotaping videotape
dress attire
evaluations appraisal
evaluation appraisals
evaluations appraisals
evaluation appraisal
tenuous weak
dearest dear
cancel canceled
fridge icebox
registries register
registries registers
perla pearl
spin spinning
tillman tilman
amazed dumbfounded
heaven paradise
skipper captain
cap ceiling
firefighters firemen
firefighters fireman
firefighter firemen
firefighter fireman
renew relaunch
suicidal suicide
adapting adjusting
terrific awesome
refurbishing reconditioning
savior rescuer
adaptive adaptation
mateo matteo
felicitations congratulations
residence residency
prediction forecasting
predictions forecasting
slaughter slaughtered
insupportable insufferable
stage phase
staged phased
usually typically
soar rise
complex intricate
topple unseat
disgrace ignominy
hassle trouble
perpetual constant
joyous jubilant
wilfred wilfrid
clear definite
insufferable insupportable
mitigation abatement
bogus fraudulent
nuremberg nuremburg
great splendid
thyself yourself
separating separate
forehead brow
fatal lethal
modernized modernize
regulation ordinance
celebrating celebrate
isolate isolated
scarce limited
desiring desire
steps stairs
timetable schedule
flask vial
secured collateralized
renovation refurbishment
renovations refurbishment
formulating formulation
foreseen envisaged
nil null
alright ok
wilfrid wilfred
logistics logistical
commence commencing
showcasing showing
possessor owner
streamline simplify
superfluous unnecessary
executive administrative
competition contest
competitions contests
competitions contest
competition contests
good best
good well
good better
rise soar
judiciary magistracy
specific peculiar
deadlock standstill
standstill deadlock
usage use
aims purpose
aims purposes
aim purposes
aim purpose
rapid speedy
peculiar special
extra additional
focus concentration
focuses concentration
persistent insistent
ruses tricks
icebox fridge
excellence excellent
amazing remarkable
contamination pollution
haji hadji
rearing raising
persevering perseverance
protecting safeguarding
prisoner prisoners
override overridden
precipitous hurried
gap shortcoming
cacao cocoa
gratitude gratefulness
wrongfully illegally
banque bank
safeguard protect
alright ok
alright ok
evaluating assessment
sustain sustaining
near foreseeable
causal causative
cloned clone
sane reasonable
mohammad mohamad
fantastic terrific
sues sued
sue sued
assembling assemble
theme topic
horrendous ghastly
devious sneaky
dirty nasty
pals buddies
patented patent
slow slows
encounter encountering
beautiful gorgeous
seat seating
zoning zone
decreases reduction
decreases reductions
decrease reduction
decrease reductions
dirty soiled
turnabout turnaround
description descriptions
perhaps maybe
arrive arriving
alexander aleksandr
meticulous precise
massacre butchery
interior inland
grandfather grandpas
guides handbook
guide handbook
furthermore additionally
killer murderer
celebrate celebrating
boundless infinite
debilitated weakened
disorder unrest
unlawful illicit
widen widening
inquiries enquiries
inquiries enquiry
inquiry enquiries
inquiry enquiry
activate activating
okay alright
analyzed analysed
recognition recognized
investigations investigative
investigation investigative
refugees refugee
possible achievable
dissipate fade
sincere wholehearted
freeway motorways
freeway motorway
samples sampled
sample sampled
farsi persian
ulterior hidden
integral inalienable
assemble assembling
videotape videotaping
rightly deservedly
bone bony
konstantin constantin
analysing analyze
splendid spectacular
ignominy disgrace
slices cuts
amity friendship
overnight nightly
shock shocked
present presented
presents presented
fraternity brotherhood
alternatives alternates
alternative alternate
virile masculine
alternatives alternate
alternative alternates
outstanding unpaid
withdrawal retraction
daddy papa
steady stable
way path
display shows
display show
boutique store
splendor luster
grateful glad
fantastic beautiful
releasing releases
releasing release
alright okay
formulate formulation
decline decrease
foe enemy
foes enemy
foes enemies
foe enemies
celebration celebrate
compares comparison
exaggerating exaggerated
colouring dye
frail weak
blends mixing
blend mixing
deny denying
shortage insufficiency
stockpiling stockpile
repulsive repugnant
frigid cold
odour scent
splendor brilliance
uploaded upload
gaily merrily
dredge dredged
karsten carsten
oblige obliged
locate situate
horrifying alarming
sicily sicilia
guessing guess
filmmaking movie
nation nations
repayment refund
separate separating
remarkable superb
headland promontory
alright okay
unlawful illicit
handicap hindrance
omer omar
geoffrey jeffrey
unspecified unknown
minor underage
hue colour
variation variants
variation variant
variations variant
variations variants
honouring honour
positive positives
proclivity inclination
happily joyfully
variance difference
heated impassioned
revival revitalization
woeful deplorable
annual yearly
native indigenous
natives indigenous
corporation company
corporation companies
spacing space
wholehearted sincere
somber dismal
harmful negative
verify verifies
resolve resolved
mum mummy
groundbreaking revolutionary
nuanced subtle
mandated mandate
pursuing pursue
senseless irrational
shellfish mollusc
dwarves midgets
dwarfs midgets
egocentric selfish
jeffrey geoffrey
inshore onshore
queued queues
queued queue
devout pious
fast quick
primarily predominantly
gratuitous unwarranted
salient outstanding
advises advise
tailoring adapting
prudent prudence
snake serpent
knit knitting
encountering encounter
conserve conserving
transient transitional
diabolical evil
outlawing banning
fashionable popular
mom mum
kg kilo
alerting alert
alerting alerts
hiking hikes
hiking hike
nameless anonymous
halt halted
halts halted
voyage trip
mahmoud mahmood
puking puke
awards awarding
award awarding
pirate pirating
awesome great
advisor counsellor
detect detected
piles heaps
sanitize clean
executes execute
atmosphere ambiance
initialize initializing
pig hog
wary circumspect
amazingly stunningly
reaffirm reiterated
moeller moller
selfish egocentric
expanding broaden
backtrack retreat
fighting countering
unique singular
collaborating collaborate
store boutique
arduous difficult
sayyed syed
enquiries inquiries
enquiry inquiries
enquiries inquiry
enquiry inquiry
fitted fit
analyse analysis
analyses analysis
apprehensive fearful
duped cheated
harnessing harness
uses utilization
use utilization
malicious evil
impressive astonishing
retrieve recover
urge exhort
inbound incoming
obtain elicit
constantin konstantin
weaknesses shortcomings
limitless unbounded
source origin
unreachable inaccessible
digits figures
insane lunatic
dimmed dim
uncertain unknown
facility installation
conserving conserve
icing ice
airfield aerodrome
airfields aerodrome
deepening deepens
consciously conscientiously
revert return
midgets dwarves
midgets dwarfs
petard trap
persistent stubborn
immense colossal
typical classic
gdansk danzig
escalate escalated
memorials monuments
evil vile
instrument tools
instrument tool
instruments tools
instruments tool
fallacious wrong
andean andes
brussels bruxelles
great awesome
hostile inhospitable
execute executes
vendor seller
vendors seller
contradictory conflicting
probes interrogates
constraint restriction
constraint restrictions
constraints restriction
constraints restrictions
amazing impressive
rises increases
rises increase
rise increase
rise increases
pointlessly uselessly
steering steer
composure calmness
seem seems
hosts hosted
host hosted
vessels boats
vessels boat
vessel boat
vessel boats
deserved merited
identified defined
bastion citadel
fervently strongly
allowable permissible
liaise communicate
harbinger precursor
moderne modern
ban prohibit
adoration worship
prepared readies
prepared ready
recognized recognition
unwilling loath
wretchedness misery
headlight headlamps
headlights headlamps
cleansing cleaning
queuing queues
queuing queue
aftermath consequence
ordinarily habitually
hereinafter hereafter
optical optics
marihuana marijuana
sizeable remarkable
lobby lobbying
splendid magnificent
apolo apollo
augustin agustin
typically usually
uploading download
rebeca rebekah
correction rectification
knitting knit
continuous continue
crucial key
summary synopsis
extinction extinguishing
luminous bright
paradise heaven
edmond edmund
modern contemporary
january janvier
consignment shipment
consignments shipment
consignments shipments
consignment shipments
profitable gainful
introduce introduces
murderer killer
myanmar burma
rounds cycles
paste pasting
recover retrieve
japan japanese
continual perpetual
mate comrade
roundly strongly
erica erika
advertisements advert
advertisement advert
collaborate work
remarkable prominent
shelley shelly
traces tracing
trace tracing
unmatched unparalleled
mackay mckay
topic theme
tacit silent
invigorate enliven
ousted toppled
launch initiate
situate locate
deterioration deteriorating
gap variance
nasty disgusting
weaponry arms
precise accurate
racing races
racing race
transformation transmutation
forestall preventing
eliminating elimination
railroads railway
railroad railways
railroad railway
lighting illumination
railroads railways
limit boundary
kuomintang kmt
predominantly principally
barak barack
origin source
booklets brochure
booklet brochure
booklet brochures
booklets brochures
mammoth monumental
muted silent
matteo mateo
willy willie
humanity mankind
particular specific
particulars specifics
particulars specific
debacle fiasco
lawrence laurence
banned proscribed
insipid tasteless
motherhood maternity
sneezing sneeze
latrines toilet
rapids rapid
weighty important
forge forging
quick speedily
okay alright
freed released
imperative indispensable
rmb renminbi
pasting paste
tie tied
safeguarding protecting
collaboration collaborating
strengthens enhances
loot plunder
talk talks
denying deny
stymie impede
poisonous toxic
initiate launch
beautiful splendid
tariq tarek
noxious harmful
programs programme
counterfeit forgery
sequence sequencing
sequences sequencing
toxic poisonous
timeframe timeline
upshot result
diagnose diagnosis
rapid expedited
dispose disposing
apprehensive uneasy
advantageous helpful
muhammed mohammad
murderer killer
dear dearest
abduction abducting
mystery enigma
fake false
season saison
mixing blends
mixing blend
unique peculiar
recycle recycled
heinous vile
linking connecting
packets bundles
humidity dampness
persistent relentless
meuse maas
splendid beautiful
iniquity unfairness
promontory headland
investigative investigate
squalid dirty
persons person
unseat topple
accelerating acceleration
commitment engagement
vitali vitaly
pigeon dove
commotion tumult
wonderfully magnificently
aerodrome airfield
aerodrome airfields
attractive alluring
insightful perceptive
return restoration
skating skate
dated date
dated dates
moderne modern
smiles grin
smile grin
apollo apolo
principally predominantly
supporter backer
reunion reunification
evil bad
reputable respected
managed manage
cross crossed
roadway causeway
mum mama
odd weird
circulated distributed
petroleum oil
browbeat intimidate
resistance resistant
stabilizing stabilization
expensive pricey
spreading dissemination
distort skew
granddad granddaddy
addict junkie
races racing
race racing
repugnant repulsive
fruitless vain
lucas lukas
launch start
collaboration cooperate
ok alright
calming calm
romany romani
simpler easier
responsibilities responsible
responsibility responsible
infantile childish
madness lunacy
locate locating
difference variance
shuts shut
increase grow
alright okay
meaningful significant
trouble problem
trouble problems
adornment ornamentation
messages messaging
message messaging
announce announcing
mode method
stevenson stephenson
lupine lupin
harmful counterproductive
identifier id
identifier ids
enforcing enforce
humanistic humanities
cycles rounds
obstruct clog
spring printemps
fatal deadly
tasteless insipid
reduce decreased
syncing synching
epinephrine adrenalin
sequential successive
vague blurred
complimentary complementary
deceptive specious
sweetheart honey
excuse alibis
excuse alibi
conspicuous glaring
sincere earnest
conspicuous noticeable
okay alright
unrivalled incomparable
affirms confirms
beautiful fantastic
extraordinary terrific
deny negate
yell shout
braking brake
assessments appraisals
mutinous rebellious
chopping cut
chopping cutting
noxious harmful
collaborate cooperating
imprisonment incarceration
facility plant
bashful shy
downloaded uploaded
vetting vet
hatred hate
injurious noxious
showing display
diseases disease
initializing initialize
takings receipts
sunup sunrise
hideous disgusting
date dated
dates dated
loo toilet
micha mischa
easter passover
stupid dumb
acknowledgement recognising
thoughtful careful
dim dimmed
mohamed muhammed
amiable cordial
forgot forget
disposing dispose
unwholesome unhealthy
sequencing sequence
sequencing sequences
debrief debriefing
edmund edmond
corporal corporeal
approximately circa
lexicon dictionary
commander comandante
disease diseases
voyage trip
indeterminate undefined
momentous major
relentless unforgiving
found find
alison allison
switch switched
gunter guenter
switches switched
analysis analyzes
analyses analyzes
postponed delayed
magnificent splendid
possessor holder
quick fast
forecasting prediction
forecasting predictions
elegantly stylishly
skilled qualified
unified united
departure deviation
fragile breakable
moller moeller
melting melt
someone somebody
delete remove
oversight surveillance
liberating liberate
specifically particularly
abattoir slaughterhouse
abattoir slaughterhouses
coolant refrigerated
stairway staircase
upright vertical
fertile fecund
authentic genuine
spark arouse
zero nil
illumination lighting
accordingly therefore
macartney mccartney
lively alive
snapshot instantaneous
monumental huge
tomas thomas
superb excellent
retire retired
voluntary volunteer
gs g
bring brings
locating locate
glee joy
transform convert
perseverance persevering
beep beeping
guenter gunter
checked verified
passports passport
background context
believing believe
farewell adieu
agrees concurs
revolutionary groundbreaking
qualify qualifying
lorry truck
concerned apprehensive
analysis analyse
phd doctorate
arms weaponry
captain skipper
verified checked
predicted forecasted
incredible implausible
elderly old
adolescence adolescents
adolescence adolescent
easier simpler
loaning lending
personalized personalised
reiterated reaffirm
stressed emphasized
collaborative collaboration
phd doctoral
surveillance oversight
forecasted predicted
sizeable huge
jeremy jeremie
sacred holy
realising realizing
headlamps headlight
headlamps headlights
maniac madman
baby babe
fiddler violinist
identify identified
confederation confederacy
connecting linking
harmful detrimental
peaceful calm
cooking cook
cooking cooks
haste rush
opening introductory
listed list
listed lists
consumption intake
startled scared
magnificently wonderfully
immunization vaccination
vulnerable weak
formulated formulation
formulate formulation
scenery landscape
scenery landscapes
sewers sewage
sewer sewage
reverse reversal
pollution contamination
halt stop
entries entrance
entry entrances
entry entrance
entries entrances
background context
grandpa granddad
combat countering
reptiles reptilian
photographic photography
learned learn
shopping shop
shopping shops
bombing bombardment
bombings bombardment
cannabis hemp
megabytes mb
placard poster
inhabitable livable
countering combat
inclined slanted
dry dehydrated
careful scrupulous
mehdi mahdi
vestige trace
needed necessary
awesome unbelievable
callahan callaghan
crap bullshit
level tier
cab taxi
binds bindings
bind binding
binds binding
valor valour
nikola nicola
refreshed refresh
passport passports
gut bowel
servicing service
paid paying
infectious communicable
harmful noxious
elimination eradicating
monuments memorials
junkie addict
darryl daryl
gratuitous unjustified
bizarre odd
concurs agrees
whore prostitute
jeopardy threat
adviser councillor
seller salesperson
viability sustainability
affected impacted
expanding expand
gratitude acknowledgement
noticeable conspicuous
rash reckless
collaborating cooperation
installation facility
inappropriate unseemly
motorcar automobile
audits verification
audit verification
calculate calculated
grow grows
rocket missiles
rocket missile
rockets missile
rockets missiles
bundles packets
tits boobs
neglectful careless
fade vanish
conversion transformations
conversion transformation
odysseus ulysses
conversions transformation
aerodrome airport
clothing garments
clothing garment
oversight surveillance
km kilometre
splendid extraordinary
reversal reverse
vital essential
vital essentials
regardless independently
collapse slump
toppled ousted
photography photographic
negative harmful
perceptive insightful
fragrances perfume
fragrance perfumes
fragrance perfume
fragrances perfumes
tons tonne
arriving arrive
tons tonnes
defends defend
elevate elevated
alter altering
elimination eliminate
brilliance splendor
familiar accustomed
marry married
reasoned justified
foundation groundwork
void null
independent independant
nook corner
medusa jellyfish
assessment evaluating
imagery imaging
mirrors mirrored
mirror mirrored
rug carpeting
prohibiting prohibit
significant meaningful
congratulated congratulate
clever skillful
vapour steam
investigation investigative
stitching stitch
interior inland
sermon preaching
cheerful happy
acknowledging acknowledge
review assessment
favourable auspicious
fake phony
nut nuts
outline outlining
outlines outlining
boobs tits
expels expel
cleanup cleaning
habitat habitats
meekly humbly
disciplining discipline
surrogate replacement
illegal illegally
weakness deficiency
bengali bangla
careful thoughtful
radiant bright
favorable propitious
history histories
constrict restrict
erika erica
encrypted encrypt
vague fuzzy
return revert
disciplined discipline
celebrate celebration
cause arouse
mahdi mehdi
blame blamed
argentina argentinean
demonstrators protesters
steady stabilised
disconnect disconnected
issue issuance
impeccable perfect
unparalleled unmatched
memento souvenir
kilometre kilometers
realizing realising
boutique store
contour outlines
contour outline
vengeful vindictive
tracey tracy
kilogram kg
kilograms kg
exactly precisely
improper inappropriate
madman maniac
annulled annul
finally lastly
protesters demonstrators
mb megabytes
dramatic remarkable
rise soar
therefore accordingly
boiler furnace
calmness composure
highlight emphasize
okay alright
shut shuts
indubitably unquestionably
solana solano
stated avowed
fanciful fantastic
indubitably undoubtedly
unify unifying
categorize classify
disease malady
revise revised
render rendering
conformity accordance
helpful instrumental
whole overall
daryl darryl
honor honour
honor honoured
honored honoured
punctually promptly
cheated duped
interacting interact
brochures pamphlet
brochure pamphlet
brochure pamphlets
brochures pamphlets
horrific ghastly
formulate formulated
relaunch renew
argentinian argentina
transformations conversion
transformation conversion
transformation conversions
weird strange
tian tien
defend defends
practiced practised
serious difficult
evil sinister
barriers roadblocks
barrier roadblocks
founded found
unseemly improper
absolutely totally
residue residual
specific unique
instantaneous snapshot
monumental mammoth
killer slayer
dispersal dispersion
view standpoint
promote promotion
humanitarian humanistic
volkswagen vw
deleted deletion
senseless insane
detained detain
imminent impending
raise rise
illusive illusory
possible probable
context background
total aggregate
blurred fuzzy
badly sorely
quickly quick
bonding bond
careless neglectful
maltreatment mistreatment
change shift
independently regardless
flexible supple
excessively overly
stop halt
cooperating collaborate
excellent marvellous
increase raise
additional extra
dissemination disseminate
impressive amazing
found founded
refugee refugees
tracking tracks
tracking track
dishonest fraudulent
studied examined
limited restrained
raising rearing
unifying uniting
batch lot
batch lots
uneasy apprehensive
bargaining negotiating
voluntary volunteers
voluntary volunteer
unwieldy impractical
tyrannical autocratic
jeremie jeremy
limited finite
maternity motherhood
analysed analyzed
renew renews
negroes blacks
chairs chaired
chair chaired
goal objective
executing implementing
adjustment adaptations
mens men
happily pleasantly
slavery bondage
doc docs
somebody someone
amenable susceptible
accordance conformity
gigantic gargantuan
virtually practically
advise advises
future upcoming
split divides
split divide
split divided
remarkable phenomenal
odd unusual
shout yell
replacing replacements
replacing replacement
liable answerable
restriction constraint
restrictions constraint
marvellous remarkable
restriction constraints
restrictions constraints
detach separate
dispersion dispersal
furnace boiler
demonstrators protestors
resuscitate relaunch
shortcomings weaknesses
honour honouring
illogical incoherent
difficult serious
emphasized stressed
portugese portuguese
fabulous terrific
rectification correction
hemp cannabis
compares comparison
compares comparisons
compare comparison
compare comparisons
rule regulations
rule regulation
rules regulations
rules regulation
ludicrous foolish
gaol prison
destructive harmful
defensible justified
merrily gaily
discovered detected
ornamentation adornment
melt melting
scented fragrant
wanna want
wanna wanted
emigrating emigration
hoodwink cheat
height altitude
enigma conundrum
useless unnecessary
gallant courageous
printemps spring
merciful compassionate
scared startled
closer nearer
dramatic impressive
staircase stairway
recover recovering
zack zach
speedy expeditious
hazy fuzzy
shack hut
evil devilish
eitan itan
mcgregor macgregor
aisle gangway
ulysses odysseus
everyday ordinary
slaughterhouse abattoir
slaughterhouses abattoir
marta martha
administrative executive
utmost extreme
fit fitted
instrumental helpful
procrastinate delay
saucer dish
involvement participating
expel expels
calm calming
correct accurate
usage use
usage uses
prolongation extension
indigenous native
triumph win
reviewing examination
review examination
packets bundles
nubian nubia
slower slowest
tying tie
motivator incentive
divide split
divided split
lastly finally
bowel gut
branco branko
zone zoning
february feb
blockaded blocked
cocoa cacao
entrance entries
entrances entry
entrance entry
entrances entries
cook cooking
cooks cooking
smuggle smuggling
decreased reduce
launch initiation
restoration return
continual uninterrupted
eliminating elimination
eaten consumed
packet package
packets package
packet packages
packets packages
tranquil serene
inaccessible unreachable
performs perform
opposite inverse
healey healy
stretchy elastic
squalid filthy
corporeal bodily
harassment molestation
month months
surveillance oversight
reviving revive
erode weaken
colonization colonizing
humbly meekly
reboot rebooting
nearer closer
odor scent
conflicts dispute
conflict dispute
conflicts disputes
conflict disputes
unbiased objective
steadfast unflinching
evil malevolent
doctoral phd
laila layla
lacks lacking
lack lacking
revisit review
collaboration collaborative
reclaim recover
accounting accountancy
swindling fraud
clone cloned
societal social
recommending recommend
zone area
worship adoration
special specific
pick select
view visualize
sculptor carver
macgregor mcgregor
conscientiously consciously
chul chol
fictitious false
unclear blurred
huge monumental
trace tracing
traces tracing
prevent inhibit
assessments appraisals
assessment appraisals
assessments appraisal
assessment appraisal
negate deny
space spacing
inexistent absent
diagnosis diagnose
omar omer
powdery powdered
increase broaden
increased broaden
enforce enforcing
cheat hoodwink
smell odour
matisse mattis
postponement postponing
blocked blockaded
carver sculptor
indefinite indeterminate
painstaking careful
classify categorize
alternative surrogate
acknowledgement recognition
adaptation adjustment
adaptation adjustments
adaptations adjustment
adaptations adjustments
irrational senseless
transitional transitory
alright okay
extinguishing extinction
retreat backtrack
realize realizing
terrific fabulous
complementary complimentary
accordingly therefore
misguided false
maths mathematics
packets packet
pain pains
unstrap untie
supervisory surveillance
inflammatory provocative
motor automotive
analyze analysis
jellyfish medusa
naples napoli
collective communal
pick select
whirlpool vortex
underclothes undies
goodbye farewell
fetal foetal
drying dry
fraudulent fake
anger ire
operandi operating
deliverer supplier
chaired chairs
chaired chair
appalling gruesome
ingredients ingredient
punctual timely
mistreatment maltreatment
replied answered
protects protect
fallacious incorrect
arranges organizes
answered replied
prevent forestall
menu menus
merry happy
realizing realize
spinning spin
pacify calm
stupid ludicrous
genuine authentic
native aboriginal
exceeds exceeded
melding amalgamation
dangers perils
danger peril
dangers peril
ground terrain
eradication eradicate
nuts nut
grim somber
bindings binds
binding bind
bright luminous
binding binds
foreseeable near
involve implicate
aboriginal native
dearest dear
frailty vulnerability
donor donors
verifies verify
therefore accordingly
distort deform
split divide
kris chris
allergies allergic
allergy allergic
impacted affected
kidnap abducted
crafty clever
congratulations felicitations
goods commodities
alexander alexandr
context background
refreshing refresh
counterproductive harmful
repeat repetition
customers client
liaise liaising
sender transmitter
believe believing
bavaria bayern
unsafe precarious
tariq tareq
analyze analysis
reposition repositioning
background context
tarik tariq
resistant tolerant
adamantly vehemently
volunteers voluntary
volunteer voluntary
impressive dramatic
chilling chill
assassinate assassinating
tribe clan
indeterminate indefinite
harmful destructive
shop shopping
shops shopping
persian farsi
maximise maximize
monitored monitors
monitored monitor
privileged privilege
privileged privileges
induce induced
doctorate phd
adjusting adapting
sunrise sunup
mahmud mahmood
zhuang chuang
modest unassuming
odd strange
devilish evil
acknowledgement gratitude
sanctions sanctioning
support help
sanction sanctioning
privilege privileged
privileges privileged
support helps
original initial
chairman chairperson
marvellous extraordinary
brazen audacious
disrepute discredit
joyful happy
crazed crazy
reinforce reinforces
outlining outline
outlining outlines
fantastic splendid
snooker billiard
billion bln
analysis analyse
analysis analyses
catastrophic ruinous
act law
proximate immediate
nations nation
dreary dull
astute smarter
abducting abduction
lord god
gratified glad
romani romany
issue problem
neglect negligence
miss mademoiselle
tracing traces
tracing trace
pains pain
fraudulent dishonest
vile loathsome
hate loathe
rationalizing rationalization
shing sheng
unbounded infinite
awakening waking
perfect faultless
communicate communication
seller vendor
prolonged protracted
seller vendors
commensurate consonant
fareed farid
augmentation increase
select pick
client customer
ingredient ingredients
reaffirms reaffirm
phony false
procure procuring
exigent urgent
inverse opposite
stable steady
rejected reject
idiot imbecile
paralysis palsy
masculine virile
climb rise
endeavour attempt
committees committee
law act
bemoan lament
conclusion finding
airport aerodrome
dragons dragon
intentionally advisedly
chronic persistent
uninterrupted constant
umpire arbitrator
romanticism romance
collaboration collaborative
spreading dissemination
mama mum
sincerely truthfully
compliance conformity
upbringing raising
negative bad
handbook guides
handbook guide
splendid fantastic
havoc mayhem
qualified skilled
bundles packets
upload uploaded
groundless unsupported
pirating pirate
yusef yousef
surprised startled
prideful proud
deny denies
mischa micha
collaborates cooperation
collaborate cooperation
wild savage
discipline disciplining
slowest slower
forget forgot
facilitator moderator
oust depose
pill tablet
initial original
putative supposed
extraordinary splendid
slice piece
maternity motherhood
religious ecclesiastical
lumbering lumber
sustainability viability
tolerant resistant
distributes distribute
muslim muslims
packet packets
expanding expansion
mg milligram
recognition acknowledgement
behaviour conduct
awesome incredible
slayer killer
millimetre mm
protracted prolonged
honey sweetheart
steady persistent
millimetre mm
fearsome dreadful
luiz luis
childish infantile
affluence richness
typical normal
attempt endeavour
method mode
moreover furthermore
audited audits
audited audit
precursor harbinger
uninformed ignorant
null void
lofty exalted
indefensible unjustified
celebrated celebrate
smarter astute
ceaseless continuous
accurate correct
granddad grandpa
valdez valdes
baseship mothership
forthwith immediate
apparent discernible
exceeded exceeds
illegally wrongfully
impressive magnificent
locked lock
upgrade modernize
showing illustrating
alarming horrifying
posterior subsequent
assessment review
sion zion
precisely exactly
ignore ignoring
cooperates cooperation
remove delete
sinister evil
unofficial informal
inside indoors
insides indoors
achieve achieving
prevalent rife
marvelous splendid
stitch stitching
odd strange
stimulating invigorating
boot booting
boots booting
equivocal vague
vision conception
transitions transitioning
transition transitioning
tuning adjusting
examined studied
continuous continue
exaggerated overdone
broker brokering
list listed
lists listed
inhabitant dwellers
inhabitants dwellers
bored bore
problem trouble
problems trouble
shut closing
shut closed
shut close
tolerant tolerate
afghani afghans
remarkable dramatic
stipulation condition
cordial amiable
saheb sahib
elimination eliminating
odour smell
lumber lumbering
anywhere anyplace
relaunch restart
martha marta
rapidly quick
onshore coastal
purpose aims
purposes aims
purposes aim
purpose aim
milligram mg
attendance involvement
approved endorsed
anal anus
babe baby
detrimental harmful
practically virtually
jeopardy hazard
yourself thyself
introductory opening
general overall
eradication eradicate
sleep slumber
sealed seal
altitude height
mom mother
fundamentals basics
display showing
gipsy gypsies
gipsy gypsy
mln million
torrent deluge
conformity compliance
engender create
freezes frozen
freeze frozen
harsh inhospitable
kg kilogram
kg kilograms
oscar oskar
oscars oskar
want wanna
recovery convalescence
moron idiot
underlined emphasised
secure securing
encrypt encrypted
liberate freeing
obstinate persistent
impose dictate
color colour
imposing dictate
gustaf gustav
compulsory obligatory
maxima maximum
clarify clarifies
alert alerting
alerts alerting
skill skills
nominate nominating
mademoiselle miss
charming loveable
afflicted affected
detaining detain
outside exterior
willie willy
trap petard
morad murad
toast toasted
licensed licenses
licensed license
vestibule lobby
aim purposes
aims purposes
aim purpose
aims purpose
expand broaden
cascade cascading
collaborative collaboration
responsibility duty
puke vomit
collected gathered
reduce lowering
powdered powdery
calm composure
idiot imbecile
manuel manoel
tendency trend
tendency trends
deficiencies shortcomings
deficiency shortcomings
majid majeed
residual residue
grandpa granddad
phony bogus
conduct behaviour
issuance issue
replacement surrogate
extraordinary extraordinaire
dry drying
expands expand
countering fighting
filthy squalid
willy willie
visualize view
murdered assassinated
area zone
impede interfere
usually generally
specific special
drank drink
financial pecuniary
engagement participation
barbecue bbq
stealing theft
participating involvement
inactive inert
cars automobile
cars automobiles
car automobiles
car automobile
deluge torrent
weird odd
yep yeah
terrific remarkable
senselessly pointlessly
companion comrade
savage wild
refresh freshen
used utilization
use utilization
unlawful illicit
emphasised emphasise
valid worthwhile
improper illegitimate
impractical unwieldy
crucial essential
crucial essentials
donors donor
chill chilling
organising organise
comparison compares
comparisons compares
comparison compare
comparisons compare
gaol jail
produces generates
divide split
strange weird
inspection inspections
assassinating assassinate
increased increase
generates produces
gazi ghazi
hazard dangers
hazards danger
hazard danger
hazards dangers
unnerving puzzling
help support
sweet sugary
curb curbing
worldwide global
harder louder
secrete excrete
austerity asceticism
switch switched
itan eitan
harmful noxious
summarise summarize
beatrix beatriz
conserving preserving
rude insolent
awesome magnificent
accustomed customary
betrothal engagement
petr peter
petr peters
valour valor
terse brief
simplify streamline
ambiguous uncertain
calibrating calibration
analyzes analysis
analyzes analyses
roxane roxanne
continued incessant
mothership baseship
liaising liaise
negligence neglect
checked checks
false misguided
checked check
pancreatic pancreas
dimitri dmitri
framing formulation
vilna vilnius
advancement progression
unquestionably indubitably
eyesight vision
notably especially
interrupt interrupting
peace pacification
sensible sound
piece slice
billiard snooker
facilitated facilitate
indoors inside
indoors insides
apologize apologise
summarize summarise
responsibility responsability
bond bonding
invoice bill
quick quickly
tailored tailor
maximize maximise
weaken erode
context background
feckless irresponsible
pointlessly senselessly
extreme abject
rookie beginner
constant consistent
alternative other
eradicating eradication
allison alison
fuzzy hazy
hover hovers
informal unofficial
varying differing
annul annulled
undoubtedly indubitably
supervise overseeing
closing closures
operating operative
closing closure
exiting exit
guides guiding
guide guiding
repetition repeat
discredit disrepute
fall decrease
unusual unique
banal unremarkable
compassionate merciful
picture photo
cooperation collaborating
hovers hover
uselessly unnecessarily
focus concentrate
privation hardship
chol chul
readjust adjustment
reminding reminded
philippe phillippe
twofold double
vehement intense
tackle tackling
silvia sylvia
operation operating
glean gather
ignorant uninformed
bagdad baghdad
bait decoy
learn learned
maze labyrinth
metro underground
delicious yummy
interfere impede
elevated elevate
administrative executive
hideous repulsive
veritable authentic
reviewing inspect
review inspect
background context
incoherent illogical
rush haste
inspections inspection
muslims muslim
automated automatic
mayhem havoc
illicit unlawful
brokering broker
efficacy effectiveness
suspension reprieve
warning cautionary
destructive devastating
compressed compress
argentina argentinian
honour honor
honoured honor
honoured honored
dear dearest
results outcomes
results outcome
result outcomes
result outcome
ovum egg
ova egg
ok okay
expanded broadened
furthermore moreover
hayes hays
base basis
based basis
expand enlarging
someplace somewhere
disease diseases
yummy delicious
idiot moron
mitigation mitigating
billion bn
surveillance supervisory
resplendent splendid
revised revise
compute computing
communication communicate
lawfully legally
commencement starting
commencement start
negotiating bargaining
sahib saheb
alternative option
palpable obvious
sustainable durable
decline decreased
intellect mind
trusted trust
trusted trusts
recover reclaim
streamline simplify
dilapidated ramshackle
guardianship tutelage
allergic allergies
allergic allergy
munition ordnance
review revisit
mayas maya
declaring declare
limited scarce
conveys transmits
plunder loot
postponing postpone
adapts adapt
princesa princess
withdrawal withdrawn
imbecile idiot
realm domain
quiet tranquility
ignominious infamous
organize arrange
anyone somebody
diagnoses diagnostic
diagnosis diagnostic
ceiling cap
accretion accumulation
deserve deserves
vanish fade
gabriella gabriela
holistic comprehensive
speedy rapid
colour color
sorcerer wizard
strongly fervently
masculine manly
endorsed approved
unsafe unreliable
mimic simulate
kilometers kilometre
justifiable justify
drop dip
emir amir
soothe calm
detain detained
crazy crazed
chairperson chairman
geology geological
formulation formulating
gabriela gabriella
models modelling
model modelling
challenging difficult
domination dominance
resistant tolerant
tareq tarek
maximum maxima
restricting restricted
somewhere someplace
automatic automated
underground subsurface
fragrant scented
phenomenal extraordinary
shielded shield
hot sexy
taxi cab
dry dried
misuse abuse
misuse abuses
breathing respiration
assumes assume
hazy foggy
vertical upright
broadened expanded
foster adoptive
rise climb
andalucia andalusian
ignores ignore
constructed construct
distance distancing
required necessary
practised practiced
bill invoice
communicate communication
massive mammoth
styling style
styling styles
agitated excited
splendor grandeur
shrinkage reduction
stupid daft
joint collective
vehemently adamantly
pricey costly
jesse jessie
protecting safeguarding
formerly previously
packets packet
standard standards
hooray oorah
deceased departed
ok alright
causeway roadway
richness affluence
vague nebulous
cascading cascade
excrete secrete
combat countering
unstable shaky
ignoring ignore
communicate impart
major important
rowland roland
reminded reminding
reboot restart
precise meticulous
exemplary excellent
illumination enlightenment
rise raise
reconstruct reconstructing
moron idiot
goods commodities
scheduling timetable
magnificent impressive
garbage refuse
foetal fetal
histories history
steadfast constant
seating seats
motive motif
crudely flagrantly
perceptible apparent
responsibility onus
muslims moslem
jordon jordan
huge mammoth
motivate motivating
contagious communicable
improper reprehensible
popular fashionable
organizes arranges
attending attends
terrible harrowing
mm millimetre
remarkable marvellous
drives driving
drive driving
tougher stricter
vanquish defeat
problem issue
stairways stairs
unifying unify
stairway stairs
communicable infectious
advising advice
analyze analysis
mandates mandated
mandate mandated
involved engaged
diagnose diagnosis
emilie emily
adolf adolphe
wanna want
reject rejected
simplify streamline
comeback return
circling circle
honey sweetheart
sexy exciting
excels excel
rebooting restart
charge charging
charges charging
menace threat
menace threats
elope escape
tactics tactic
graph chart
withdraw withdrew
facilitate facilitated
bombardment bombing
bombardment bombings
reduction decreases
reductions decreases
reduction decrease
reductions decrease
novel newer
novel new
adaptation adaptive
false untruthful
cottage bungalow
storing stockpiling
appease calm
finds discovers
jonny johnny
fall autumn
obtains gets
hymn anthem
informs inform
christie christy
illegitimate improper
diseases disease
mobile movable
style styling
styles styling
chances opportunity
chance opportunities
chance opportunity
chances opportunities
lupin lupine
cooperate collaboration
raise increase
raised increasing
raise increased
raising increased
raising increasing
raise increasing
raised increase
raising increase
raised increased
context background
glad gratified
analyze analysing
affirmation assertion
special extraordinary
nonstop uninterrupted
hazard risk
natan nathan
flees escapes
assigned assign
dry drier
anesthesia anaesthetic
cap chap
phillippe philippe
tien tian
tamper interfere
approval approving
effort endeavor
agreements contract
agreements contracts
agreement contract
agreement contracts
autocratic tyrannical
below underneath
unwarranted gratuitous
dozens scores
bend bent
productive fertile
result outcomes
results outcomes
resulted outcomes
stir agitate
god lord
hamed hamid
money cash
eliminating elimination
tracks tracking
track tracking
extreme utmost
burma myanmar
protect protects
budget budgeted
budgets budgeted
postpone postponing
egg ovum
egg ova
gaby gabby
erase delete
other alternative
athletic sportive
calm appease
sound sensible
tolerant resistant
revives revive
carlton carleton
dull dreary
fantastic magnificent
spin spinning
lament bemoan
essential vital
essentials vital
assessed assessment
ignored disregarded
chosen selected
choose selected
chosen select
choose select
scores dozens
reclaim regain
particularly peculiarly
stir provoke
bathroom washroom
bathroom washrooms
ravaging devastating
perform performs
evacuating evacuations
evacuating evacuation
guess guessing
grandeur splendor
harming harms
harming harm
inappropriate improper
normal typical
innate congenital
residual residue
violinist fiddler
clan tribe
huntington huntingdon
peculiar characteristic
queues queued
queue queued
susceptible amenable
puzzling unnerving
untruthful false
careful wary
renminbi rmb
serious earnest
collecting collection
collecting collections
pancreas pancreatic
impedes prevents
remote faraway
packet packets
unbelievable awesome
depot storehouse
bad evil
assertion affirmation
smart intelligent
extraordinary marvellous
prevents impedes
enlightenment illumination
deter discourage
relevancy relevance
imbecile idiot
assassinated murdered
audits audited
audit audited
beatriz beatrix
unique unusual
commensurate proportionate
traceable attributable
tummy stomach
undue inordinate
yep yeah
payout disbursement
pee piss
package packet
package packets
packages packet
packages packets
reaffirm reaffirms
insinuate suggest
procure procuring
chuang zhuang
sordid dirty
achieving achieve
remorse contrition
babe baby
brilliant splendid
unspeakable inexpressible
amir emir
asian asiatic
purging purge
tracy tracey
washroom bathroom
washrooms bathroom
correcting correction
woodwork carpentry
rescuing saving
imaging imagery
withdrew withdraw
calm placate
motivating motivate
wheeled wheel
wheeled wheels
deadline timetable
distribute distributes
affirmative positive
commends commend
trend tendency
trends tendency
smuggling smuggle
leaflets pamphlets
leaflet pamphlet
leaflets pamphlet
numerous myriad
manage managed
seats seating
ultraviolet uv
calculates calculated
increased widen
increase widen
bleeding bleed
rational intelligent
executive administrative
arms armament
expansion expanding
tracing trace
tracing traces
unbroken continuous
audacious brazen
resell resale
merited merit
demented crazy
essential crucial
essentials crucial
provocative inflammatory
apologise apologize
arrogant cavalier
contributes helps
muffler silencer
expeditiously quick
securing secure
daud dawood
diagnostic diagnoses
diagnostic diagnosis
smoked smoke
specify specified
okay ok
detain detaining
counterfeit falsify
backwards backward
remarkable amazing
weakened debilitated
upshot consequence
tire tyres
webber weber
tires tyres
tires tyre
tire tyre
comrade companion
impending imminent
acknowledgment recognition
strasburg strasbourg
selected chosen
selected choose
select chosen
select choose
martyred martyr
martyred martyrs
mattis matisse
supper dinner
violations infringement
violation infringement
regain reclaim
attends attending
charging charge
charging charges
vomit puke
cleaning cleanup
sibyl sybil
relaunch resuscitate
elastic stretchy
splendid marvelous
mechanical mechanised
prostitute whore
lawful legitimate
frail feeble
marko marco
models model
bent bend
landscaping landscape
superb excellent
customer client
harness harnessing
frederik frederick
hwan huan
unthinkable incredible
ovens furnaces
ovens furnace
oven furnace
oven furnaces
diagnosing diagnosis
headset headphones
risk hazard
untoward unfavourable
reiterated reiterate
fraudulent bogus
assessment rating
valeri valery
volatile changeable
male men
simultaneous concurrent
willie willy
clandestine undercover
seal sealed
deadlock stalemate
docs doc
forthwith promptly
difficult arduous
quicker quick
salutary helpful
foam froth
morality morals
hideaway hideout
harms harming
harm harming
temporarily provisionally
slaughter massacre
famine starvation
idiot moron
important momentous
abducted kidnaped
sloping inclined
youssef yusef
pledges commitments
pledge commitment
pledges commitment
pledge commitments
broadened expanded
find finds
decreased reduced
competition rivalry
vindictive vengeful
footwear shoes
biggest largest
parlous precarious
improbable incredible
dominance domination
mobile portable
dastardly heinous
checks checked
check checked
forfeited lost
partnering partnerships
partnering partnership
accidentally accidently
anus anal
yep yeah
pedagogue teachers
pedagogue teacher
arrangement arrangements
use utilizing
illustrating showing
unnecessary useless
somebody anyone
booklets pamphlet
booklet pamphlet
booklet pamphlets
booklets pamphlets
gunfight fighting
continue continuous
foggy hazy
zach zack
ice icing
uselessly needlessly
analyzing analyse
attempt endeavour
waking awake
protestors demonstrators
keypad keyboard
skilled experienced
burnt burned
hendrix hendricks
send despatch
mutual bilateral
ok alright
utilize utilizing
adapt adapts
weakness flaw
browse browsing
calculated calculates
extending broadening
necessary required
extraordinary special
sticky viscous
modifying altering
demeanor behavior
sybil sibyl
netherlands holland
firefight fighting
demanding demands
demanding demand
anatole anatoly
gypsies gipsy
gypsy gipsy
uncertain ambiguous
exit exiting
mutual reciprocal
majeed majid
disgusting nasty
download uploading
happy merry
increase increased
shortcomings deficiencies
shortcomings deficiency
natasha natascha
easy easier
hungary hungarian
freeing liberate
modernize upgrade
formulated formulate
simulate mimic
pulmonary lung
faster swifter
appear appears
tareq tariq
minimum minimal
unhealthy unwholesome
dirty filthy
startling remarkable
completely entirely
weak tenuous
filthy dirty
middleman mediator
tenant renters
tenants renters
lowering reduce
ludicrous stupid
topic themes
topic theme
topics themes
topics theme
exact accurate
appears appear
necessary needed
moms mama
mom mama
trace vestige
transitional transient
tutelary guardianship
yoon yun
elector voters
recurrent recurring
evil nefarious
spiralling escalating
anarchic lawless
gabby gaby
pinnacle height
betrayal treason
weber webber
browse navigate
maya mayas
anaesthesia anaesthetic
changes modification
change modification
formulate formulates
nicola nikola
purge purging
offense crime
delete eliminate
aged elderly
consistent constant
departures departure
anaesthetic anesthesia
assessment assessing
assessments assessing
comprehensive holistic
months month
liable responsibility
gorgeous beautiful
difficult challenging
work collaborate
closures closing
closure closing
bullshit crap
dispatch send
absent inexistent
preserving safeguarding
reset restart
correction correcting
physical corporeal
intervening intervene
splendid brilliant
safeguarding protecting
franchising franchises
franchising franchise
fundamental essential
fundamental essentials
pamphlets leaflets
pamphlet leaflet
pamphlet leaflets
warranty guarantees
warranties guarantee
warranties guarantees
warranty guarantee
choose chosen
engagement betrothal
peril hazard
beginner rookie
peak pinnacle
dispatch send
distinct separate
symptomatic characteristic
forgery counterfeiting
accurately precisely
treason betrayal
incredible awesome
invoice bill
april avril
committee committees
dad papa
impregnable unassailable
upkeep maintenance
foolish idiotic
danger risks
danger risk
dangers risk
dangers risks
unstable instability
petrol gasoline
automobile cars
harmful hazardous
automobiles cars
automobiles car
automobile car
spool reel
expelled expel
deferment suspension
missiles rocket
missile rocket
missile rockets
missiles rockets
escalating spiralling
excellent exemplary
incredible unthinkable
verification audits
verification audit
silencer muffler
zero null
communicate liaise
evacuations evacuating
evacuation evacuating
nominate nominates
evil demonic
supervises supervise
salesperson seller
deletion deleted
coordinator coordinators
unmatched mismatched
landscape scenery
landscapes scenery
useless ineffectual
unreliable unsafe
demonic evil
persistent obstinate
prevented prevent
twofold double
conundrum enigma
weight weigh
ineffectual useless
glorious splendid
expertise knowhow
inbound inward
depose oust
crazy crazed
roadblocks barriers
roadblocks barrier
monumental massive
pearl perla
calibration calibrating
inspect review
released freed
filthy disgusting
blasting blast
expand expands
international worldwide
stale antiquated
counsellor advisor
abusive offensive
careful watchful
renters tenant
renters tenants
bock bok
stink stench
nik nick
flatly adamantly
profiles profiling
profile profiling
enlargement expansion
yusuf youssef
bane scourge
chaining chain
improper unseemly
impacting impact
commodities goods
suicide suicidal
opt elect
refresh refreshed
convert conversion
sewage sewers
selects chooses
sewage sewer
roof ceiling
multiple many
redouble intensify
reckoning calculation
exceptions exemption
exception exemption
exception exemptions
exceptions exemptions
compete competing
dinner supper
mandate mandated
refuse garbage
intervene intervening
automobile motors
automobiles motors
senseless unreasonable
automobiles motor
automobile motor
subtle nuanced
propitious positive
idiotic foolish
vile disgusting
youssef yusuf
jacques jacque
massacre slaughter
skills skill
extreme abject
fighting combating
return revert
procuring procure
miss mademoiselle
contracted contract
contracted contracts
outcomes results
outcome results
outcomes result
outcome result
excellent superb
expose unmask
justifiable valid
supervise supervises
subsequent posterior
raising upbringing
faster fast
false fictitious
suggest insinuate
arbitrator umpire
settle resolve
widening widen
consequence aftermath
fabulous incredible
moulding mould
mackenzie mckenzie
jester buffoon
origin source
dixon dickson
transmits conveys
blatant apparent
owners proprietors
owner proprietors
owners proprietor
owner proprietor
outstanding salient
gasoline petrol
appropriately adequately
dip drop
fantastic fanciful
rest resting
earphone headphones
decomposing decomposition
backward backwards
splits divided
assessing assessment
clarifies clarify
split divided
oneself itself
baby babe
hamid hamed
zero null
revival revitalization
lumber timber
lumber timbers
relaunch restarting
armes arms
stalemate deadlock
sweetheart honey
infringement violations
humane humanistic
infringement violation
vile abhorrent
effective efficacious
separate distinct
communication communicate
inert inactive
tenacious dogged
anaesthetic anaesthesia
domineering overbearing
spotlight focuses
spotlight focus
expeditious speedy
expressway motorway
martyr martyred
martyrs martyred
synchronize synchronization
flagrant apparent
cadence tempo
arrangements arrangement
cm centimeter
lifelike realistic
liliane lillian
incessant continuing
adequately appropriately
bogus phony
domain realm
illness malady
salim saleem
consumed eaten
tempo cadence
probes investigation
probes investigations
probe investigation
probe investigations
sexy hot
brainchild idea
comrade mate
essential imperative
safeguard protect
win won
lending loaning
fighting firefight
special peculiar
reel spool
compliant docile
wrapper wrapping
concurrent simultaneous
christmases xmas
christmas xmas
source origin
cooperation cooperate
pop pops
patronage aegis
enlargement magnification
adviser consultant
curious peculiar
driving drives
driving drive
consultants advisor
consultant advisor
consultant advisors
consultants advisors
smart intelligent
inspects inspect
remarkable significant
centre centred
interference intervention
interference interventions
valdes valdez
generally usually
aegis patronage
transmitter sender
return retour
unequaled incomparable
tranquility quiet
lawless anarchic
surveillance oversight
elect electing
persistent steady
attached attach
attempt endeavour
crushing crush
assign assigned
recognising acknowledging
jobless unemployed
fantastic excellent
regardless independently
prohibit prohibiting
loathsome vile
cooperating cooperation
underscore underlined
proportionate commensurate
execute executing
characteristic feature
characteristics features
characteristic features
characteristics feature
scheduled planned
disregarded ignored
papa dad
lillian liliane
falkland malvinas
desperate distraught
constant steadfast
abducted kidnap
tailor tailored
illicit unlawful
automotive motor
dissemination spreading
smart intelligent
risks danger
risk danger
risk dangers
risks dangers
interact communicate
interact communicating
year annum
carlson carlsson
healthier healthy
planned scheduled
select pick
viscous sticky
married marry
interact interacting
lasting enduring
concentrate focus
tightening tighten
revolt rebel
zero null
affirmed confirmed
outward external
curbing curb
bureaucratic administrative
bretagne brittany
ghazi gazi
farouk farooq
odd weird
minors juvenile
mediator middleman
haughty arrogant
nice splendid
minor unimportant
reject dismiss
profiled profile
profiled profiles
important major
barack barak
ulises ulysses
tear rip
qiu chiu
variable changeable
foreigner alien
inventing invent
marco marko
abuse misuse
abuses misuse
repulsive hideous
stats statistics
inclination proclivity
well best
well good
well better
compress compressed
artefacts artifacts
reserved reserve
fatigued weary
magnificent fantastic
ordnance munition
tackling tackle
neighbouring contiguous
fighting combat
residue residual
inaccurate improper
successive sequential
unassailable incontestable
defensive protective
courts tribunal
michael micheal
elimination eliminating
lost forfeited
dogged stubborn
mode method
frozen freezes
frozen freeze
distraught desperate
headphones headset
dictionary lexicon
programme programs
bill invoice
pivotal important
collective joint
debate debating
debates debating
shift move
shift moves
rapid rapids
embedded integrated
diagnosis diagnosing
timetable deadline
chosen selected
stench stink
propitious favourable
raise rise
booklet handbook
wanton senseless
puke vomit
congenital innate
wellspring source
lx lux
arouse spark
totality whole
several different
null zero
hailey haley
dialed dials
dialed dial
advisor consultants
advisor consultant
advisors consultant
advisors consultants
lousy bad
revealed reveal
discernible remarkable
mendacious false
ordinary everyday
stupid nonsensical
expressed expresses
expressed express
compare compared
total overall
rationalization rationalizing
promptly forthwith
preaching sermon
dried dry
communicable contagious
annexed annex
daybreak sunrise
offensive obnoxious
proceeding proceed
equity equality
object objects
belated overdue
analyzes analyses
viability feasibility
totally fully
awesome magnificent
ammo ammunitions
ammo ammunition
consultant adviser
woodworking carpentry
adjustment readjust
navigate browse
blatant overt
piss pee
approving approval
kilowatts kw
kilowatt kw
muslim moslem
audit verification
audits verification
normally typically
surroundings environment
withdrawals withdrawing
surroundings environments
withdrawal withdrawing
consonant consistent
awful terrible
worthwhile valid
counterfeiting falsifying
double dual
declared avowed
paralyzed paralytic
peaceful tranquil
executive administrative
threaded thread
scent odor
unremarkable banal
splendid glorious
portable mobile
hick redneck
garb attire
romance romanticism
nur noor
restart rebooting
tasty scrumptious
nonsense ludicrous
judgment assessment
perpetually consistently
privatization privatizing
pursuant accordance
daria darya
talks talk
finds find
granddad grandfather
chart graph
hennessey hennessy
endeavour attempt
humanistic humane
anonymous nameless
furnish furnished
rental lease
synchronization synchronize
efficacious effectiveness
magnificent awesome
unjustified indefensible
falsification forgery
analysis analyze
anyone anybody
barriers constraints
barrier constraints
zion sion
results outcomes
result outcomes
placing place
unpalatable distasteful
monitors monitored
geological geology
maltreatment abuse
monitor monitored
maltreatment abuses
entirely completely
positive affirmative
treaty pact
loaded load
adjusting tuning
standards standard
minors minor
excel excels
minors underage
service servicing
railway railroads
railways railroad
railway railroad
railways railroads
basis base
basis based
happy joyous
implementing executing
devastating destructive
apparent flagrant
distributed distribute
congratulate congratulated
shoes footwear
traditional conventional
frightful alarming
notable important
direct forthright
storehouse depot
wondrous splendid
guiding guides
guiding guide
pedigree lineage
compassionate merciful
hideout hideaway
support help
rents renting
rent renting
liberate liberating
proficient skilled
hard challenging
participation engagement
hurrah hooray
louder harder
reprehensible improper
theft stealing
nearly almost
squared square
expansion enlarging
tips advice
landlord proprietor
bodily corporeal
dual double
valid justifiable
decreased decline
limited limits
limited limit
overbearing domineering
frock dress
increases rises
increase rises
increase rise
increases rise
chariot trolley
formulation formulated
formulation formulate
senseless nonsense
grand big
carpentry woodwork
fight battles
fights battles
criminality crime
fights battle
fight battle
criminality crimes
clever crafty
archeology archaeological
pacific peaceful
unique single
transmitting transmission
mcmillan macmillan
feuding disputing
confrontation showdown
appreciate appreciates
restart relaunch
rok korea
indispensable essential
resigning resign
insistently consistently
silly stupid
overactive hyperactive
decreasing diminishing
doggedly strenuously
restart reboot
doctor physician
unfairness iniquity
buffoon jester
devising formulating
jonathan johnathan
increase raise
increasing raised
increased raise
increased raising
increasing raising
increasing raise
increase raised
increase raising
increased raised
apparent overt
illegally unlawfully
amir ameer
blend melange
typically normally
niki nikki
perhaps maybe
annulment repeal
adroit skilful
autumn fall
independently regardless
verification verifying
furiously fiercely
objective goal
won win
anybody anyone
rise raise
mama mum
acknowledging recognising
bright radiant
resale resell
departed deceased
frst first
needlessly uselessly
twister tornado
constraints barriers
constraints barrier
unassailable impregnable
carlsson carlson
brotherhood fraternity
deficiencies weaknesses
deficiency weaknesses
dredge dredging
help support
weaknesses deficiencies
weaknesses deficiency
amiss wrong
differing varying
indigenous native
deserves deserve
indigenous natives
organise organizing
analysis analyze
prisoners prisoner
disabled disable
idle inactive
coding code
chap cap
nefarious evil
aboard onboard
brave courageous
replacements substitutions
replacements substitution
replacement substitution
replacement substitutions
shredding destruction
condemnation conviction
condemnation convictions
accurate precision
delightful fantastic
precisely accurately
adamantly flatly
only solely
changeable variable
effectiveness efficacy
becoming becomes
broadening extending
scheduling timetable
hooray hurrah
stop halts
stop halt
collection collecting
collections collecting
wiretapping eavesdropping
chooses selects
stockpile stockpiling
commences starts
battles fight
battles fights
battle fights
battle fight
repulsion repugnance
previously formerly
use usage
uses usage
dangers hazard
danger hazards
danger hazard
reunification reunion
dangers hazards
fast faster
distasteful unpalatable
entertainment amusement
remarkable terrific
privatizing privatization
farid fareed
tornado twister
alternating alternate
exceptional superb
speech speeches
disturbance disruption
disturbances disruptions
disturbance disruptions
separate detach
improper inaccurate
fat blubber
joyous festive
yeah yep
retiring retire
utilization uses
utilization use
strongly roundly
approaching approach
approaching approaches
native indigenous
dismal somber
responsible responsibilities
responsible responsibility
promptly punctually
saleem salim
experienced skilled
disastrous cataclysmic
restart resume
big grand
prohibit ban
reinforces strengthens
supplier deliverer
review inspect
quick quicker
using utilizing
remarkable sizeable
crush crushing
bleed bleeding
abroad overseas
burn burns
burns burn
chile chili
disappeared disappear
acknowledgement recognizing
concerted concert
owner possessor
british brits
works collaborate
worked collaborate
works collaborated
worked collaborating
work collaborating
work collaborated
working collaborated
work collaborate
working collaborating
working collaborate
worked collaborated
select pick
peculiar curious
injured wounding
code coding
incontestable unassailable
characteristic peculiar
intensify redouble
underlined underscore
burned burnt
calm soothe
uncomplicated easy
assume assumes
licenses licensed
license licensed
jessie jesse
nonsense senseless
desire desiring
justify justification
conspicuous apparent
weighty serious
hendricks hendrix
gentlemen gentleman
courageous gallant
aboriginal native
artifacts artefacts
headphones earphone
graph chart
unnecessarily uselessly
retreats retreating
retreat retreating
elderly aged
teenage adolescents
teenage adolescent
decreased decreasing
pursuant accordance
assessment assessing
gram g
gram gs
intelligent rational
hallmark trademark
faruk farooq
natascha natasha
daring boldness
loot pillage
inward inbound
assess evaluating
model models
themes topic
theme topic
themes topics
theme topics
distinct separate
apoplexy stroke
deported deport
objects object
justified reasoned
lunacy folly
analysing analyses
analysing analysis
emblematic typical
utilizing utilize
swifter faster
guided guides
viewpoints perspective
viewpoint perspective
viewpoint perspectives
guided guide
viewpoints perspectives
accompany accompanies
relevance relevancy
mismatched unmatched
formulation formulate
conor connor
initiating launch
tailoring tailor
dismiss reject
modification changes
modification change
reinforces reinforce
carpeting rug
expel expelled
disruption disturbance
disruptions disturbances
disruptions disturbance
harden toughen
length duration
undertake undertakes
regulations ordinance
deterioration deteriorating
despatch send
fighting gunfight
meager scarce
start commencement
customary accustomed
bad improper
clever smart
construct constructed
extraordinary phenomenal
adjustments adjusting
adjustment adjusting
dumb stupid
trolley chariot
commodities goods
timetable scheduling
review examination
reviews examination
review examinations
reviews examinations
competing compete
insurgent rebels
persistent chronic
stress emphasise
guilty culpability
accompany accompanied
origin background
ghost spectre
disgusting hideous
header heading
sports sportive
issuing issue
issuing issues
immediate proximate
hideous repugnant
forthright frank
ekg ecg
executing execute
analysed analyse
proprietors owners
proprietors owner
proprietor owners
proprietor owner
onboard aboard
boldness daring
eavesdropping wiretapping
accordance pursuant
administrative bureaucratic
surrogate replacement
realization implementation
lustrous bright
transmission transmitting
responsible responsibilities
responsible responsibility
handbook booklet
hazy blurred
contained contain
gabi gaby
beautiful gorgeous
essential fundamental
essentials fundamental
sweetheart honey
untie unstrap
aware conscious
toughen harden
blast blasting
awake waking
almost nearly
durable sustainable
bok bock
recognising acknowledging
men male
stairs stairways
stairs stairway
continual continuous
palpable apparent
analysis analyze
airplane aeroplane
indulgent tolerant
limits limited
limit limited
discovers detects
harsh stiff
afghans afghani
hq headquarter
betrothal engagement
particular especial
focus concentrated
expand enlarging
divides split
divide split
divided split
efficacious effectiveness
intimidate browbeat
speeches speech
mathematics maths
hijacking hijack
wizard sorcerer
nonsense senseless
dye colouring
alien foreigner
greasy fatty
issuance issue
issuance issues
double twofold
compile compilation
restart reset
incredibly supremely
specified specify
ulysses ulises
weak frail
accumulation accretion
saving rescuing
salary salaried
constant ceaseless
literate educated
doble double
palestinians palestinian
opportunity chances
opportunities chance
opportunity chance
opportunities chances
carpentry woodworking
rebellious mutinous
alternate alternating
investigate investigation
investigate investigations
evaluating assess
boosting strengthening
constraint barrier
adjustment adaptation
adjustments adaptation
adjustment adaptations
adjustments adaptations
checking verifying
check verifying
check verify
checking verify
checking verified
weighty heavy
accelerate speed
validating validation
marsha marcia
tariq tarik
labyrinth maze
barrier constraint
admirable remarkable
behaviours conduct
navigate navigating
administrative executive
upheaval disturbance
refresh refreshing
clever intelligent
lobby vestibule
lindsey lindsay
significance important
advisor councillor
bend curve
tactic tactics
contacted contacts
contacted contact
sylvan silvan
morals morality
single unique
honey sweetheart
delete eliminate
underage minors
tyres tire
prodigious huge
tyres tires
tyre tires
tyre tire
wet moist
strongly vigorously
escalate escalating
countering combat
accountability responsibility
disputing feuding
participating involvement
aggregate total
conventional traditional
coordinators coordinator
thyself yourself
discipline disciplined
armament arms
commercial mercantile
mclean maclean
commotion uproar
emphasise emphasised
ha has
lot batch
shield shielded
icing ice
stefan stephane
test tests
aims objective
aims objectives
aim objectives
aim objective
false fake
manoeuvring manoeuvre
stacking stack
gangway aisle
g gram
gs gram
integral intrinsic
heinous dastardly
tait tate
raise increase
ringing ring
flagrantly crudely
denies deny
outstanding exceptional
silent muted
booklet handbook
attendance involvement
proprietor landlord
convert conversions
converts conversions
convert conversion
converts conversion
operating operandi
conquer defeat
decreasing decreased
unique single
exemption exceptions
exemption exception
exemptions exception
exemptions exceptions
tate tait
solely only
caesar ceasar
offensive abusive
risk hazard
vile odious
men males
preserving maintaining
stipulated stipulate
especially specifically
nil null
safeguarding preserving
inform informs
eradication eradicating
rip tear
splendid wondrous
stockpiling stockpile
void null
babe baby
farooq faruk
rationalize streamline
crime criminality
crimes criminality
essential indispensable
reveal revealed
withdrawing withdrawals
withdrawing withdrawal
existing exist
formulation framing
unlawfully illegally
disturbance upheaval
cloudy overcast
exceptional outstanding
teen adolescent
teen adolescents
endeavor endeavour
expand extending
hi howdy
melange blend
merit merited
selected chosen
organize organized
wires wiring
wire wiring
widening expand
checks verify
check verify
flyer leaflet
unusual odd
physician doctor
seed seeds
declare declaring
conviction condemnation
convictions condemnation
wiring wires
wiring wire
harmonize harmonized
flatly roundly
accurate precise
lindsay lindsey
queasy nauseous
therefore accordingly
hyperactive overactive
leaflet pamphlet
baby babe
intense vehement
vomit puke
uproar commotion
focus emphasis
mind intellect
amuse entertain
mostly predominantly
annulment cancelling
deteriorating deterioration
mounted mount
sadly regrettably
intelligent smart
terminating termination
underprivileged deprived
rescues rescuing
rescue rescuing
advice tips
responsibility accountability
peuple people
strenuously doggedly
streamlining rationalizing
dekker decker
truly truthfully
null zero
elope flee
harmonious balanced
dmitri dimitri
start launch
separate distinct
cemeteries graveyard
cemetery graveyard
ramses rameses
likely probable
barefaced brazen
spying espionage
stripe striated
dose dosing
crazy lunatic
justify justifiable
oversight supervisory
agha aga
strange odd
betrayal treason
mould moulding
valuing value
pitiful lamentable
lease rental
celestial heavenly
howdy hi
upcoming future
loading load
mother mom
cautionary warning
demands demanding
noxious pernicious
demand demanding
strange odd
management governance
bilateral mutual
confirmations affirmation
confirmations affirmations
composure calm
confirmation affirmation
repugnance repulsion
honored honors
honored honor
tolerate tolerant
shake tremble
chilled refrigerated
discourage deter
acknowledgement recognize
dress frock
wounding injured
win triumph
reiterate reiterated
interrogates probes
law legislation
yeah yep
salaried salary
freeing release
exaggerated exaggerating
leaflets flyers
grandfather granddad
refrigerated coolant
starvation famine
browsing browse
exciting sexy
recognises recognizes
stain spot
acknowledging recognising
questioning interrogating
ceasar caesar
weird strange
wrong incorrect
apparent blatant
aga agha
silent tacit
unclean dirty
guilford guildford
provoke stir
hefty huge
cory corey
fiercely furiously
diagnosis diagnose
weddings marriage
weddings marriages
artur arthur
wedding marriages
wedding marriage
affected afflicted
telephone phone
issue issuing
issues issuing
verifying checking
verifying check
verify check
verify checking
verified checking
connor conor
protect safeguard
protect safeguards
wanna want
mainly essentially
skilled proficient
continuous ongoing
anesthesia anaesthesia
outcome upshot
lively animated
sosa sousa
splashing spatter
combat fighting
shady questionable
comfy cozy
cap chap
landscape landscaping
saida sidon
vino wine
unreasonable senseless
unknown undiscovered
apparent perceptible
forging forge
wheel wheeled
wheels wheeled
incomparable unequaled
centigrade celsius
tremble shake
guildford guilford
barber barbier
appointing appointment
appointing appointments
reinforcement strengthening
tests test
manoeuvre manoeuvring
shortage scarcity
shortages scarcity
fantastic remarkable
validation validating
outlines contour
outline contour
rude rough
hijack hijacking
splendid beautiful
unmerciful ruthless
mademoiselle miss
flyers leaflets
serious serous
blurry unclear
prosthesis prosthetic
emmanuel immanuel
renews renewed
movable mobile
gentlemen gentleman
null zero
purifying purification
authentic veritable
intrinsic integral
marcia marsha
edouard edward
terrible fearsome
single unique
dosing dose
downtown midtown
beautiful splendid
violates violated
method mode
closing shut
closed shut
close shut
thought idea
prohibit banning
wanton senseless
advertise advertising
resume restart
margarita margherita
deteriorating deteriorated
departure departures
circle circling
indubitably undeniably
laptop notebook
eliminate delete
narration narrative
injustice iniquity
responsibilities responsible
responsibility responsible
advisors counsellors
advisor counsellors
advisor counsellor
advisors counsellor
leased rented
redneck hick
primordial primal
amer amir
expeditious prompt
support help
constants continuous
constant continuous
spatter splashing
offshoot branch
summarise summarize
probed probe
collaborating cooperate
respiration breathing
detects discovers
rainfall precipitation
restlessly passionately
striated stripe
fealty allegiance
lock locked
doorman gatekeeper
elect opt
restricted restricting
imposter impostor
granddaddy grandfather
howdy hello
accidents accident
recognizes recognises
lineage pedigree
ruthless unmerciful
necessary indispensable
shifting shift
motors automobile
motors automobiles
motor automobiles
delete erase
motor automobile
batch lot
yell shout
unchanging constant
regulations rule
regulation rule
regulations rules
regulation rules
phone telephone
amalgamation melding
graveyard cemeteries
graveyard cemetery
abolish abolition
purveyor supplier
curve bend
treason betrayal
armoury arsenal
movie filmmaking
stir agitate
smoke smoked
amazing fantastic
seeds seed
timely punctual
weird bizarre
appreciates appreciate
impede stymie
dependable trustworthy
simplify streamlined
simplified streamlined
simplify streamlining
simplify streamline
tense taut
reproduced reproduce
chequered checkered
refugee refugees
virility manliness
howdy hello
recognise acknowledgement
best good
well good
better good
throttle accelerator
embedding embed
attach attached
conversion convert
comprehensible understandable
load loaded
extraordinary exceptional
craziness folly
accordance pursuant
odd weird
frederick frederik
constant perpetual
chosen choose
based base
based bases
specialization specialties
specialization specialty
precedes precede
grounding ground
void null
protective defensive
hazardous harmful
feb february
becomes becoming
context background
ruins rubble
drier dry
synopsis summary
lady dame
ladies dame
tandem conjunction
colored coloured
guy boy
animated lively
steal stealing
culpability guilty
resolve resolving
moist wet
payback vengeance
utilizing using
rented leased
navigating navigate
forgery falsification
elinor eleanor
nonsensical stupid
huge sizeable
muslims moslem
muslim moslem
passenger passengers
stupid silly
marketer seller
triple threefold
goods commodities
careful painstaking
widen increase
hardship privation
fishery fisheries
want wanna
medium media
dealers traders
dealer traders
dealer trader
null nil
johnny jonny
accident accidents
disable disabled
changes modification
change modification
changed modification
layla laila
practical concrete
excellent fantastic
quoting citing
deteriorated deteriorating
raincoat waterproof
ignore ignores
sketching sketch
debi debbie
unmitigated outright
proceed proceeding
communication communicating
involvement participating
fashionable modern
continuing incessant
consultant advisor
place placing
protective protection
protective protections
clarifying clarification
resolve settle
timeline timeframe
summarize summarise
resign resigning
spurn reject
compose comprise
pee piss
null void
cozy comfy
faulty defective
silence silent
freelance independent
properly adequately
wrongful improper
allotments allocation
unlimited unrestricted
allotment allocation
anaesthesia anesthesia
evil wickedness
ameer amir
blokes dudes
andalusian andalucia
emigration emigrating
nominees candidates
nominee candidate
nominees candidate
nominee candidates
emily emilie
precarious parlous
impervious resistant
guardianship tutelary
examination review
examination reviews
examinations review
examinations reviews
thread threaded
thanks gratitude
invent inventing
fatty greasy
bet wager
brawl quarrel
dudes blokes
rameses ramses
thereafter subsequently
inopportune improper
disappoint disillusion
blink flicker
sad bad
disgusting filthy
east easterly
advisors consultants
witch sorceress
temperate mild
gratitude thank
ludicrous nonsense
inauspicious unfavourable
conduct behaviours
eliot elliott
arts artistic
boy guy
cancellation annulment
cancellations annulment
oiling lubrication
breadth width
prove proves
impostor imposter
honouring honour
devise devising
acceleration accelerate
safer safe
councillor advisor
advertising advertise
stealing steal
destruction destroying
equality equity
laptops portable
laptop portable
stockpiling storing
programs programme
kazak kazakh
males men
roxanne roxane
barbier barber
addicted dependent
retire retiring
handbook booklet
reconstructing reconstruction
para paras
weird odd
remarkable admirable
noor nur
has ha
load loading
amun amon
arsenal armoury
methods method
reckless rash
instantaneous snapshot
symphony philharmonic
falling decreasing
streamline rationalize
rebel revolt
paralytic paralyzed
expansion enlargement
contract contracted
contracts contracted
understandable comprehensible
mademoiselle miss
permissible allowable
johnathan jonathan
inspect review
soya soybeans
soya soybean
canvassing canvass
attendance involvement
modifications change
modification change
modifications changes
modification changes
checking verifying
background context
narrative narration
splendid resplendent
chain chaining
ecg ekg
tips advice
totalling totals
totalling total
null void
prosthetic prosthesis
macmillan mcmillan
unsafe dangerous
tablet pill
pamphlet leaflet
decrease reduce
decreases reduce
agitate stir
exceptional extraordinary
gravity severity
contacts contacted
contact contacted
challenging hard
rescuing rescues
rescuing rescue
inspect review
chopper helicopter
totally wholly
cooperating cooperation
ripening maturing
revert return
rise ascent
limousine limo
gap shortcomings
gaps shortcomings
procuring procure
fantastic amazing
divided splits
divided split
uninterrupted steady
packaged package
packaged packages
mankind humanity
timetable scheduling
computing compute
daemon demon
malvinas falkland
dials dialed
dial dialed
swirl vortex
precede precedes
bad sad
trademark hallmark
adaptations adjustment
escalating escalate
streamlined simplify
streamlined simplified
streamlining simplify
streamline simplify
impact impacting
insolent rude
tailor tailoring
dependable credible
stunning fantastic
adequately properly
prudence prudent
callaghan callahan
wording formulation
super great
reckless senseless
diagnoses diagnostics
diagnosis diagnostics
incredible improbable
konrad conrad
different several
merge combine
advice tips
structured structures
structured structure
emanuel immanuel
abuse abused
showing showcasing
analyse analyzes
underline stress
evaluating assessment
evaluating assessments
revered esteemed
malign evil
demon daemon
adolphe adolf
organized organize
uniformed uniform
uniformed uniforms
thereafter subsequently
risks hazards
risks hazard
risk hazard
risk hazards
enthusiastic avid
stack stacking
undeniably indubitably
malevolent evil
method methods
terrific extraordinary
citing quoting
midtown downtown
destroying destruction
lux lx
finished completed
expresses expressed
express expressed
change modifications
changes modifications
impressive astounding
communicate interact
communicating interact
happy joyful
enlarging broadening
pertains relates
engaged involved
casper kasper
involvement attendance
sweater jumper
nubia nubian
rails rail
cordless wireless
mainly essentially
separate separating
ban outlawing
concert concerted
undersea underwater
wrongful unjustified
hefty heavy
intelligent smart
null nil
keyboard keypad
bizarre weird
unemployment jobless
precarious unsafe
dissemination spreading
wired wires
wired wire
insane demented
save savings
defined define
disillusion disappoint
rubble ruins
enacts adopts
subjected subject
balanced harmonious
divorce divorced
weakness inadequacy
therefore consequently
helped assistance
help assistance
dredging dredge
perfect impeccable
yeah yep
inadequacy weakness
flexible elastic
bribery corruption
regrettably sadly
tighten tightening
specialties specialization
specialty specialization
efficacious effectiveness
mutinous rebel
violated violates
clarification clarifying
harri harry
continue continuous
annulment cancellation
annulment cancellations
decrease reduce
deferred postponed
concerted coordinated
exist existing
dreadful fearsome
upswing surge
justified defensible
unlawful illegal
efficiently effectively
weaken slacken
replacement surrogate
collaborate works
collaborate worked
collaborated works
collaborating worked
collaborating work
collaborated work
collaborated working
collaborate work
collaborating working
collaborate working
collaborated worked
davies davis
harm damage
wrapping wrapper
verifying checking
decreasing falling
proscribed banned
vulnerability frailty
caring care
characteristic symptomatic
nonsense meaningless
adamantly emphatically
captivity imprisonment
doubles double
closer closest
thomas tomas
casual occasional
attributable traceable
works collaborates
work collaborate
work collaborates
works collaborate
traders dealers
traders dealer
trader dealer
bad unfavourable
pursuant accordance
sponsored sponsors
sponsored sponsor
karina carina
craziness foolishness
defeat conquer
surplus glut
folding collapsible
unlawful illicit
restricted finite
strange weird
issue issuance
path route
path routes
paths routes
paths route
issues issuance
wholeness integrity
jobless unemployed
nuba nubia
congrats congratulations
peed piss
pee piss
greasy fat
cooperate collaborating
analyse analyses
analyse analysis
close shut
assessment judgment
analyse analysis
repeal annulment
media medium
loose lax
surveyed survey
surveyed surveys
laptops notebooks
laptop notebooks
laptop notebook
laptops notebook
confirmed affirmed
steady stables
aid aids
steadies stable
steady stable
doubtful questionable
attendance participation
widest broadest
pc pcs
abuse maltreatment
abuses maltreatment
attractiveness attraction
feasibility viability
proposal proposition
upwind windward
proposal propositions
proposals proposition
proposals propositions
smart clever
oversight supervising
manliness virility
zero zilch
coloured colored
evaluating assessment
evaluating assessments
legally lawfully
macmahon mcmahon
declares proclaims
enlarging expand
monir mounir
allay dissipate
readjust adapt
multiple several
valery valeri
intelligent clever
crossing cross
unjustified gratuitous
reduce decreasing
maclean mclean
intelligent smart
reduce decrease
mounir monir
suffocating asphyxiating
existing exist
initiate initiation
distributors distributor
alarming alarm
collaborate cooperation
nikki niki
meager modest
celebrate celebrated
promote promotions
promote promotion
regardless irrespective
severity gravity
defective faulty
asked requested
removable detachable
unprejudiced impartial
revive revives
senseless reckless
torn riven
honey sweetheart
begets generates
ring ringing
engagement betrothal
ceiling roof
cross crossing
divergent varying
trust trusted
trusts trusted
initiating start
pig swine
susceptibility sensitivity
susceptibility sensitivities
conspicuous remarkable
astounding impressive
campsite campground
sublime fantastic
spectators viewers
many multiple
scrumptious tasty
pops pop
efficient efficacious
simplifying simplifies
purification purifying
respected reputable
babe baby
beneath underneath
essentially mainly
attendance involvement
sensitivity susceptibility
sensitivities susceptibility
continuous unbroken
kasper casper
images image
analyses analyzes
precipitation rainfall
accompanied accompany
cornerstone foundation
kilometre km
sensors sensor
choose selecting
lubricate lubrication
clear lucid
verification audit
verification audits
advice advising
immediate forthwith
notebook laptop
preventing forestall
hook hooks
intensifying intensify
disarray mess
brochure pamphlet
involvement attendance
predicted predict
heading header
undertake undertakings
undertake undertaking
interrogating questioning
verify checks
verify check
inspect inspects
congratulates commends
sorceress witch
contain contained
palaces palace
accordance pursuant
unmask expose
festive joyous
consequently therefore
alright ok
imperative essential
reinforces enhances
incessant uninterrupted
maintaining preserving
perimeter circumference
provisionally temporarily
yep yes
perpetually always
anatoly anatole
insecure precarious
darya daria
meager paltry
pikeys gyptians
integrated embedded
commitments pledges
commitment pledge
commitment pledges
commitments pledge
remarkable fantastic
offered offer
summary synopsis
arresting arrests
arresting arrest
incorrect wrong
pity shame
exciting breathtaking
embed embedding
terrible awful
hypothesis assumption
hypothesis assumptions
upgrade modernize
heavenly celestial
muffin cupcake
examination reviewing
examination review
touchy delicate
lasting durable
pamphlet brochure
riven torn
enough sufficient
smiles smile
accelerator throttle
deport deported
relationships relationship
flicker blink
ammunitions ammo
presidents chairperson
president chairperson
ammunition ammo
issue problem
exciting excite
praise commend
opposing oppose
nauseous queasy
filipino philippines
grandfather granddaddy
waterproof raincoat
nikki nicky
typical distinctive
sacrilege desecration
oppose opposing
resolving resolve
seductive tempting
stupid dumb
activation activating
anthem hymn
roundly flatly
artistic arts
emphasis focus
shift shifting
overcast cloudy
jumper sweater
false phony
salty saline
physicians physician
modern moderne
precocious early
depletion exhaustion
amir amer
complicate complicating
knowledge knowhow
morphia morphine
detachable removable
endeavour endeavor
biggest greatest
snapshot instantaneous
goods wares
justify justification
dissension dispute
cooperation cooperating
fissure crack
senseless nonsense
abnormal exceptional
viewed view
diligent careful
discriminate discriminating
parvez pervez
utilization used
utilization use
limo limousine
undiscovered unknown
idiot imbecile
inhumane inhuman
solve resolving
victory triumphs
victory triumph
arms armes
vendor supplier
mom mummy
pitiless unforgiving
abolishing abolition
intensify amplify
improper wrongful
holder possessor
superhighway expressway
analyzing analyse
anonymous unidentified
ongoing continuous
start initiate
underwater undersea
caspar kaspar
fantastic exciting
turnout participation
distribute distributed
base basis
bases basis
expand expanding
circumference perimeter
haley hailey
lighter light
piss pee
severely sternly
wage salary
wage salaries
corner nook
featured feature
featured features
finished complete
admits acknowledges
shahid shaheed
gambling gaming
crazy demented
cancelling annulment
senseless wanton
meaningful significant
predominantly mostly
illicit unlawful
hennessy hennessey
null void
linchpin backbone
shut close
ah oh
outcomes result
outcomes results
outcomes resulted
activating activation
installment instalment
installments instalments
installments instalment
sidon saida
kaspar caspar
gatekeeper doorman
accordingly therefore
fix fixing
fully totally
lamentable pitiful
base based
bases based
repress suppressing
torment anguish
torments anguish
formulating devising
dirty sordid
constant uninterrupted
select choose
selects chooses
selecting chooses
select chooses
guts entrails
dish saucer
pacifist peaceful
several multiple
uterine uterus
anybody somebody
posting post
due owing
modern moderne
marty marti
increased enhanced
refrigerated chilled
enhanced increased
trustworthy dependable
groundbreaking revolutionary
idea thought
strengthening reinforcing
healthy healthier
move shift
moves shift
margherita margarita
educated literate
leasing rentals
spike spiking
operating functioning
righteous just
resistant impervious
effectively efficiently
greet salute
portable laptops
portable laptop
steady uninterrupted
ghastly hideous
bridge bridging
dickson dixon
timeframe timeline
concentrated focus
celebrate celebration
celebrate celebrations
unfavourable untoward
main principal
main principals
wholly totally
rail rails
corey cory
discriminating discriminate
spectacle show
humanistic humanitarian
learned learnt
manages administers
chartered charter
recommend recommending
deteriorating deterioration
interfere intervene
kathy cathy
poster placard
analysis analytical
analyses analytical
divide dividing
implementation realization
eliminate delete
sensor sensors
abusing abuse
leaflet flyer
chap cap
important salient
senseless wanton
realistic lifelike
passengers passenger
pupils students
itself oneself
inactive idle
impedes obstructs
hazards risks
hazard risks
hazard risk
hazards risk
marti marty
especially notably
spot stain
compared compare
exhaustion depletion
hazard risk
mode method
intervention interference
interventions interference
safeguard protect
safeguards protect
lunatic crazy
valuation assessment
valuation assessments
recruited recruit
distributor distributors
improper bad
shared common
largest biggest
lubrication lubricate
enticement temptation
conclude concluding
analyse analysed
dwarf midget
firenze florence
void null
commends congratulates
yousef yusef
brittany bretagne
influence impact
influences impact
influence impacts
influences impacts
terrific magnificent
counterfeiting forgery
use utilization
uses utilization
upswing rise
progression advance
progression advances
dwellers inhabitant
dwellers inhabitants
dimitry dmitri
formulating framing
philly philadelphia
unanimous unanimity
haste rashness
over finished
timelines timetable
timeline timetables
timeline timetable
timelines timetables
peaceful pacific
uterus uterine
immanuel emmanuel
governs regulates
apparent conspicuous
inappropriate unsuited
image images
extant existing
analyzes analysing
speedily quick
expand enlarge
modification changes
modification change
modification changed
start initiating
observable apparent
supervision surveillance
dip drop
fringe periphery
nil null
restarting relaunch
counsellors advisors
counsellors advisor
counsellor advisor
counsellor advisors
apparel garments
apparel garment
combating fighting
quits resigns
indispensable necessary
silvan sylvan
implied implicit
review inspect
excellent superb
advertise advertising
widen expand
duration length
campground campsite
vigorously strongly
cap chap
splendid nice
sticky viscous
consistent consonant
overseeing monitor
peaceful pacifist
sulfide sulphide
multinational multidimensional
verify check
verify checks
indigenous native
underneath beneath
renting rental
renting rentals
fantastic stunning
steady constant
aids aid
oh ah
animated animation
proclaims declares
mcneil macneil
bullying intimidation
modernize modernized
sells sold
sell sold
tolerant indulgent
maximise maximize
decreasing reduce
sonja sonia
clarify clarified
expenditure spend
uninterrupted nonstop
shake tremble
unrestricted unlimited
upgrade modernize
mummy mom
hurtful harmful
realisation realization
destruction shredding
sweetheart honey
infinite boundless
holocaust shoah
carleton carlton
directed direct
helicopter chopper
entangled involved
friendship amity
enlarging expand
joyous merry
alright ok
lax loose
testimonials testimony
testimonial testimony
surveillance supervision
piss peed
piss pee
aiming aimed
conrad konrad
sterling splendid
transporting carrying
typically generally
start commence
starting commence
starting commencing
starting commenced
started commencing
start commenced
start commencing
started commence
starts commenced
started commenced
underpants underclothes
framing formulating
demented insane
threefold triple
honors honored
honor honored
pillage loot
maturing ripening
asphyxiating suffocating
roland rowland
dissipate allay
improper inadequate
dehydrated dry
doggy doggie
perilous unsafe
notable significant
improper erroneous
commotion disturbance
subdivision branch
documented document
apprehensive afraid
armor armour
mcmahon macmahon
relationship relationships
topple toppling
typing type
bernice berenice
prohibited prohibiting
proves prove
continuous incessant
feathers plumage
subsidized subsidised
liable responsible
profiling profiles
profiling profile
sight vision
correspond corresponds
unfavourable bad
review inspect
finished over
soybeans soya
soybean soya
tutelary guardianship
coordinated concerted
celebration celebrate
celebrations celebrate
destiny fate
noteworthy remarkable
splendid tremendous
pay remuneration
honour honouring
precision accurate
packaging packages
packaging package
gives provides
multidimensional multinational
regan reagan
adolescents teenage
adolescent teenage
irrespective regardless
outlawing ban
unknown indeterminate
regulates governs
different various
underclothes underpants
distinctive typical
corresponds correspond
threat menace
threats menace
essentially mainly
implicit implied
launch initiate
background origin
lustrous brilliant
saline salty
driver drivers
cluster groups
cluster group
vortex swirl
fright fear
disappear disappeared
repugnant hideous
supplemental complementary
intensifying deepening
battles struggles
adept skilled
battle struggle
battle struggles
post posting
future upcoming
advice guidance
mount mounted
luis luiz
hooks hook
blubber fat
exquisite fantastic
dividing divide
bp pb
upbringing education
stabilization stabilizing
width breadth
shout yell
realization realisation
truly really
cooperation cooperates
criticized criticize
separating separate
profile profiled
profiles profiled
wager bet
midget dwarf
relates pertains
bookings reservation
undertakings undertake
bookings reservations
booking reservation
booking reservations
undertaking undertake
modernism modernity
proficiency capacity
cease ceasing
ceases ceasing
schedule timetables
schedules timetable
schedule timetable
schedules timetables
surfacing surface
assuage calm
adolescents adolescence
adolescent adolescence
incessant continuous
collapsible folding
remarkable noteworthy
dominic dominique
shame pity
deprived underprivileged
meaningless nonsense
alexandre aleksander
abnormality irregularity
villages village
fora forums
keepsake remembrance
unique particular
comparison compares
abdo abdu
increase raise
famous proverbial
ivonne yvonne
examine investigate
exerting exert
disgusting vile
timetables schedule
timetable schedules
fantastic unbelievable
timetable schedule
timetables schedules
extension prolongation
lit light
vendor suppliers
vendors supplier
vendor supplier
vendors suppliers
celsius centigrade
attire garb
nasty dirty
seizing seize
rating assessment
significant meaningful
increased increase
prohibiting prohibited
men mens
analyse analyzing
passionately restlessly
emphasize highlight
notebooks laptops
notebooks laptop
erroneous improper
notebook laptop
notebook laptops
subsidised subsidized
attendance participation
exciting fantastic
anybody somebody
baby babe
urgent exigent
splendid exceptional
amazing incredible
hazard peril
reproduce reproduced
ulterior covert
subsequently thereafter
cupcake muffin
involvement attendance
fat tallow
maximize maximise
broadest widest
rationalizing streamlining
collide collision
decker dekker
broadening enlarging
honorarium fee
questionable doubtful
friedrich frederick
zak zack
expenditure spending
expenditure spend
homeland motherland
weigh weight
milliliter ml
teachers pedagogue
teacher pedagogue
pb bp
impressive splendid
pcs pc
picked selected
pick selected
picked select
pick select
strengthens reinforces
february feb
voters elector
ecclesiastical churches
ecclesiastical church
dirty unclean
recognition acknowledgment
sousa sosa
inspect review
people peuple
assumption hypothesis
assumptions hypothesis
important importance
outcomes results
outcomes result
communicate communication
befitting appropriate
canvass canvassing
assessment evaluating
assessments evaluating
stomach tummy
assign allocate
act law
type typing
check verify
reinforce reinforced
checks verify
replacements replacing
replacement replacing
highlight emphasize
anal anus
drop dip
illegal unlawful
arrests arresting
arrest arresting
pervez parvez
equations equation
scared afraid
paltry meager
huge prodigious
mom mama
doubtlessly undeniably
subject subjected
colors colour
dreadful terrible
centimeter cm
nathan natan
clarification elucidate
phoney false
actual real
sternly strongly
servicing service
conscious aware
bunny rabbits
bunny rabbit
formulation phrasing
discovers finds
frustration disenchantment
analysis analyse
adjustment readjust
formulation wording
abhorrent vile
deny denied
condemn denounce
obstructs impedes
specific particular
souvenir memento
reduce slashes
adopts enacts
importance important
wreck ruin
folly craziness
consultants advisors
preceding previous
glaring apparent
dances dance
negotiations negotiation
johnnie johnny
attached attach
preserving conserving
weird odd
magnificent awesome
double twofold
baby babe
adjustment adaptation
dawood daud
baghdad bagdad
undetermined indeterminate
contaminant contaminants
square squared
restrained restricted
reserve reserving
refreshing refresh
collaborates works
collaborate work
collaborates work
collaborate works
cleverly smartly
neglected neglect
significant remarkable
analyses analyse
annum annual
routine usual
analysis analyse
removal elimination
sponsors sponsored
sponsor sponsored
removals elimination
archive archival
collision collide
frederick friedrich
supervise monitor
viscous sticky
doggie doggy
upcoming forthcoming
imbecile idiot
functioning operating
candidates nominees
candidate nominee
candidate nominees
candidates nominee
splendid impressive
fined fines
fined fine
prolonging prolongation
criticize criticizing
yummy scrumptious
shortcomings gap
shortcomings gaps
usual routine
kassim kasim
suppliers vendor
supplier vendors
supplier vendor
suppliers vendors
pee piss
concluding conclude
tremble shake
enduring lasting
somebody anybody
johnny johnnie
rescuing saving
view opinion
height pinnacle
agitate stir
symptomatic typical
invade invading
breathtaking exciting
emphasise stress
initiate launch
capacitor condenser
monument memorials
monument memorial
monuments memorial
monuments memorials
kasim kassim
revitalization revival
downloads downloading
compelling powerful
afraid scared
expedited quick
start launch
defeat vanquish
incredible fabulous
capacity proficiency
seize seizing
furnished furnish
desirous willing
analytical analysis
analytical analyses
complicated complex
denounce condemn
knotty difficult
triumphs victory
triumph victory
battling fighting
lengthy extended
combine merge
probes probing
probe probing
unforgiving pitiless
act law
archival archive
continuous continue
excellence excellent
provokes provoke
candidly plainly
senselessly needlessly
wider broader
bully intimidate
insists insist
conjunction tandem
garments apparel
garment apparel
vengeance payback
drink drank
questionnaires questionnaire
start initiating
affirmation confirmations
affirmations confirmations
affirmation confirmation
protect safeguard
associate associating
adaptation adjustment
mild temperate
adore love
terrible dreadful
accidental unintentional
potency effectiveness
corruption bribery
silent silence
corrected correct
coastal onshore
fines fined
fine fined
excellent excellence
stores storing
store storing
various different
sexy sexier
hamper restrict
scented perfumed
current ongoing
deficiency gap
instant immediate
gap difference
drop dip
extending expand
immanuel emanuel
odious vile
biggest greatest
zilch zero
seized seize
missile rockets
dispute difference
spiking spike
berenice bernice
commodities goods
brew brewing
ongoing current
walther walter
walther walters
reagan regan
fat greasy
principal main
principals main
storey floor
motto slogan
matrimony marriages
matrimony marriage
taping tape
little small
tremendous splendid
merchandise products
merchandise product
fabrication manufacture
fabrication manufactures
internal inner
adieu goodbye
validated validate
highlight emphasise
palace palaces
revenge retaliation
diversions diversion
fixing fix
choose select
chooses selects
chooses selecting
chooses select
administers manages
involvement engagement
scaling scale
dmitri dimitry
salute greet
cathy kathy
partnerships partnering
folly lunacy
partnership partnering
scale scaling
supportive supporting
nicky nikki
minor marginal
nearly approximately
speedily rapidly
toolbox toolkit
feature characteristic
features characteristics
features characteristic
feature characteristics
supplier purveyor
fantastic exquisite
tarek tariq
lawd lord
needlessly senselessly
initiate start
minuscule insignificant
habitation dwelling
unidentified anonymous
allegiance fealty
unbelievable fantastic
percentages percentage
straightaway forthwith
sketch sketching
observe observes
rockets missile
marvelous fantastic
owning possessing
jailing detention
nourishment diet
overdue belated
motherland homeland
vista view
glasses spectacles
devising devise
greatest biggest
dragging drag
raze demolish
happy cheerful
center centre
tape taping
plumage feathers
neglecting neglects
neglecting neglect
continuous constants
continuous constant
reduce decrease
reduce decreases
review inspect
erase delete
erase deleted
hideous ghastly
adieu farewell
involvement attendance
nonsense preposterous
share exchange
definitely certainly
milk dairy
kasim qasim
aimed aiming
credible dependable
unnamed unknown
revolutionary groundbreaking
chapters chapter
drafted draft
generates begets
continuance continuity
define defined
deity god
massive monumental
excite exciting
surpassed exceeded
carrying transporting
probe probed
lung pulmonary
discarding discard
locate locating
felon criminal
janeane jeannine
blends mixture
blend mixture
perfumed scented
hyper super
stopping halting
vertical upright
conversions convert
conversions converts
conversion convert
hidden ulterior
conversion converts
edward edouard
abridged abbreviated
contracted agreement
contract agreement
vital crucial
total aggregate
consistently insistently
reasonable rational
law act
easier easy
brewing brew
past former
gap deficiency
moron idiot
longer long
justification justify
paras para
dreary dismal
unceasing constant
espionage spying
costly pricey
excited agitated
viewers spectators
painting paint
immediately immediatly
refugees refugee
wet moist
sonja sonia
burnt burned
divorced divorce
declination decline
particular specific
medicinal medical
consists comprises
midget dwarf
participation attendance
return revert
pierson pearson
clarified clarify
palestinian palestinians
previous preceding
plainly candidly
cooperation collaborate
forthwith straightaway
observes observe
generally typically
dim bleak
policed monitored
admissible permissible
survey surveyed
surveys surveyed
engagement involvement
commence start
commence starting
commencing starting
commenced starting
commencing started
commenced start
commencing start
commence started
tariq tarek
commenced starts
commenced started
blameless innocent
phraseology phrasing
care caring
renewal renewing
toilet washroom
toilet washrooms
increase augmentation
expanded broadened
dance dances
interrogates interrogate
extreme enormous
astounding remarkable
packages packaging
package packaging
mum mamma
alluring tempting
caption subtitle
sulphide sulfide
justification justify
dirty nasty
philadelphia philly
dangerous unsafe
weird strange
real actual
endangered jeopardised
irresponsible feckless
maintenance upkeep
dwarf midget
feeble frail
unmistakable obvious
expulsion removal
involved entangled
requested asked
prudence discretion
toolkit toolbox
rotate rotating
launch initiating
ml milliliter
relevant germane
etching engraving
cabling cable
cabling cables
fantastic delightful
r rs
sylvia silvia
frey frei
really truly
nasty filthy
alarm alarming
brazen barefaced
foolishness craziness
provides gives
rising soar
rose soared
rise soared
rose soar
rising soared
rise soar
synchronised synchronized
carina karina
qasim kasim
proud prideful
shoah holocaust
method mode
promotions promote
promotion promote
typical emblematic
love adore
somebody anybody
shocked shock
shocked shocks
highlight emphasise
rancour resentment
flowers flower
orders decree
normandie normandy
predict predicted
entrails guts
accompanies accompany
various other
bad naughty
comprise compose
awesome incredible
enemy foe
enemy foes
enemies foes
enemies foe
village villages
backbone linchpin
prompt expeditious
persistent continuous
elimination eliminating
sweetheart honey
interplay interaction
interplay interactions
magnificent terrific
learnt learned
marginal minor
while whilst
wreath garland
curious remarkable
unintentional accidental
dip fall
couriers messengers
courier messengers
courier messenger
couriers messenger
remarkable startling
decrease fall
rival competitor
long longer
adequate sufficient
departing depart
speed accelerate
gruesome ghastly
simplifies simplifying
spectre ghost
ghastly gruesome
gratitude thanks
patent patented
gain obtain
terrain ground
approx roughly
careful prudent
physician physicians
ludicrous senseless
entertain amuse
vacant vacancies
vacant vacancy
stabilizing stabilisation
win triumph
classifications classification
indeterminate undetermined
analysis analyzing
analyses analyzing
advance progression
advances progression
investigate examine
caro carew
philharmonic symphony
ruin downfall
soar rising
soared rose
soared rise
soar rose
soared rising
soar rise
resell resale
weakness helplessness
emphatically adamantly
unjustified wrongful
drifting drift
mom mummy
traitorous treacherous
juridical judicial
yup yep
kidnap abducting
commencement start
foreboding premonition
tongs forceps
difference dispute
photo pictures
rises rising
analyse analyzing
rise rising
filtered filter
detention jailing
students pupils
option alternatives
option alternative
options alternatives
options alternative
federico frederico
hijack kidnap
windward upwind
beside alongside
approach approaching
approaches approaching
broadening expand
wireless cordless
concrete practical
bake baking
suspension interruptions
suspension interruption
uniform uniformed
uniforms uniformed
show spectacle
footwear shoes
launch start
constant steady
heavy weighty
sternly vigorously
organizing organise
enhances reinforces
harmonized harmonize
messengers couriers
messengers courier
messenger courier
messenger couriers
engagement participation
deepening intensifying
testimony testimonials
testimony testimonial
ominous threatening
decreased reduction
decrease reduction
common shared
erick erik
impact influence
impact influences
impacts influence
impacts influences
defined identified
fee honorarium
interrogate interrogates
adaptive adaptability
periphery fringe
disbursement payout
fantastic marvelous
wealthy rich
honoring honouring
gaming gambling
commend praise
calm pacify
supplier vendor
soha suha
colonel coronel
vilnius vilna
ovarian ovary
filled fills
filled fill
change modifications
change modification
trivial minor
changes modifications
changes modification
broken damaged
shows exhibition
show exhibition
exposures exposure
merged combined
closest closer
identified defined
pocketbook wallet
stated declared
raw untreated
mess disarray
underground metro
shelling bombardment
null nil
skilled adept
spectacles glasses
magyar hungarian
shortfall shortages
shortfall shortage
lubrication oiling
dominik dominique
double doubles
chairperson presidents
chairperson president
critique criticise
henryk henrik
appraisal assessments
groups cluster
group cluster
recovers recovering
underline stress
precise concrete
social societal
suppressing repress
comprises consists
toppling topple
yourself thyself
regulate regulates
frei frey
mobile portable
mobiles portable
homage tribute
insist insists
exchange share
errors error
incredible amazing
doggedly insistently
smartly cleverly
clarify clarification
exceptional splendid
piss pee
judgements judgement
mourning mourn
legal judicial
whole totality
normally generally
prosecute prosecuting
juvenile minors
locating locate
investigation investigate
investigations investigate
mom mummy
purposes aim
purposes aims
purpose aim
purpose aims
approaching approach
approaching approaches
morphine morphia
classifying classifications
classifying classification
contaminants contaminant
yup yep
idiot moron
armour armor
damage harm
gorgeous fantastic
angler fisher
angler fishers
judicial legal
zack zak
decreased declines
decreased decline
brief briefing
brief briefings
statistics stats
resigns quits
improper unreasonable
hi howdy
vague equivocal
frank forthright
davis davies
cannabis hemp
garland wreath
saving rescuing
alright fine
marriage weddings
marriages weddings
marriages wedding
marriage wedding
refund repayment
preposterous nonsense
guidance advice
resale resell
mama mother
canary canaries
specific particular
owing due
broadening widening
humanitarian humanistic
provoke provokes
antiquated stale
decree orders
upright vertical
staying residing
engraving etching
men mens
man mens
scant limited
sonia sonja
drag dragging
synchronized synchronised
crack fissure
catch caught
updated update
dire extreme
bank banque
shock shocked
shocks shocked
guarantees warranty
guarantee warranties
guarantees warranties
guarantee warranty
emphasize highlight
ovary ovarian
pernicious noxious
weary fatigued
timber lumber
timbers lumber
merry joyous
focus concentration
try attempt
comandante commander
speeding speed
condition stipulation
guides guided
guide guided
unwell sick
memorials monument
memorial monument
memorial monuments
memorials monuments
frame framing
frames framing
nil zero
commitee committee
advancement promotions
advancement promotion
exceeded surpassed
sunlight sunshine
restrict hamper
demon devil
bad lousy
elucidate clarification
unsuitable improper
strengthening boosting
halt discontinue
investigation probes
investigations probes
investigation probe
investigations probe
double doble
sonia sonja
compilation compile
custody detentions
custody detention
inspect review
start beginning
start beginnings
starts beginnings
starts beginning
exchequer treasuries
exchequer treasury
probing probes
probing probe
subtitle caption
loony crazy
henrik henryk
beginning start
beginnings start
beginnings starts
beginning starts
careful diligent
furnaces ovens
furnace ovens
furnace oven
furnaces oven
diversion diversions
methods method
analyses analysing
analysis analysing
remarkable discernible
helplessness weakness
branch subdivision
small little
cafe coffeehouse
prohibited proscribed
surge upswing
wares goods
permissible admissible
sufficient adequate
nikki nicky
bridging bridge
kuang guang
sulfide sulphide
downloading downloads
equation equations
diet nourishment
underprivileged deprived
courageous brave
avril april
tempting seductive
simulating simulate
affective affectionate
method methods
princess princesa
joyful merry
complicating complicate
ground terrain
modernize upgrade
criticizing criticize
arrogant haughty
judgement judgements
paint painting
savings save
detain apprehend
create engender
awesome fantastic
untreated raw
typical symptomatic
affirmative favourable
remarkable conspicuous
major important
legitimate lawful
elliott eliot
demolition destruction
marco marko
fantastic gorgeous
allocate assign
premonition foreboding
unknown unsung
mourn mourning
invading invade
great super
grow growth
tribe tribal
tribes tribal
participation engagement
bending bend
recognize acknowledgement
eminent prominent
result upshot
overseas abroad
replying respond
employer employers
skirmish clash
whore harlot
felipe filipe
starting beginning
starting beginnings
angler fishermen
anglers fisherman
angler fisherman
anglers fishermen
chap cap
complete finished
creche nursery
deletion elimination
totals totalling
total totalling
education upbringing
struggles battles
struggle battle
struggles battle
possible attainable
hazard jeopardy
resources resource
constructing constructions
constructing construction
stroke apoplexy
resource resources
inhibit deter
jobless unemployment
lesley leslie
permitted authorised
analyze analysis
reinforcing strengthening
shoes footwear
verify verifies
accordingly therefore
nicky nikki
analyzes analyse
bowel intestinal
prompt expeditious
consisting comprised
impacting affecting
elicit obtain
neighboring neighbors
neighboring neighbor
want wanna
missile projectile
arse butt
therefore consequently
service servicing
authorised permitted
larger largest
decomposition decomposing
residing staying
nigh virtually
complex complicated
chowk chok
analysing analyzes
implicit inherent
emphasise highlight
evaluated evaluate
counselor counsellor
guang kuang
extra additional
timeframe timetable
consequently therefore
burned burnt
mercy clemency
interaction interplay
interactions interplay
manufactured manufactures
manufactured manufacture
wishbone clavicle
puma cougar
basis base
basis bases
mummy mom
unexpected unforeseen
vision eyesight
shaheed shahid
elba elbe
harlot whore
burgundy bourgogne
nubia nuba
jayson jason
fake false
negotiation negotiations
send sent
continuous persistent
crucial vital
release freeing
minuscule minimal
yep yup
intensify intensifying
reduction decreased
reduction decrease
photograph picture
recession stagnation
rapidly speedily
etching etch
awesome terrific
muhsin mohsen
ranked ranks
ranked rank
juridical legal
kidnap hijack
effectiveness efficacious
denied deny
law act
renewing renewal
beforehand earlier
huge hefty
myriad many
dissolve dissolving
reserving reserve
lord master
unforeseen unexpected
quarrel brawl
flyer pamphlet
renewed renews
briefing brief
briefings brief
maneuvers manoeuvres
maneuver manoeuvre
maneuvers manoeuvre
maneuver manoeuvres
kain cain
important importance
stagnation recession
center facility
picture photograph
decent best
decent good
decent better
forthwith straightaway
pal buddy
acknowledgement recognise
filthy nasty
unfavourable harmful
mamma mum
mohammad muhammed
abbreviated abridged
resentment rancour
safeguard protect
declared stated
assessed assessment
double dual
cap chap
connectors connector
criticize criticized
law act
gain earnings
rentals leasing
reduced slash
reducing slash
reduce slash
used utilized
highlight emphasize
flat apartment
lord seigneur
chou chow
reconstruction reconstructing
evokes provokes
dinners supper
dinner supper
scarce meager
publishing publication
publishing publications
prudent careful
coronel colonel
pope pontiff
depart departing
definitely definitively
backside posterior
diminishing decreasing
supervisory oversight
washroom toilet
washrooms toilet
score scoring
yep yup
pick select
background context
slashes reduce
inadequate improper
conscientious careful
decreased decline
questionnaire questionnaires
therefore accordingly
colouring dye
other various
maybe perhaps
puke vomit
principles principle
papa daddy
dominique dominic
attainable possible
focuses spotlight
focus spotlight
condenser capacitor
instalment installment
instalments installments
instalment installments
key essentials
key essential
pig swine
twisty crooked
view viewed
certainly definitely
harmful hurtful
annual annum
initiating initiate
initiating initiates
occasional casual
spending expenditure
spend expenditure
consciousness awareness
adieu farewell
calumny defamation
chow chou
percentage percentages
jeopardised endangered
canaries canary
major momentous
anus anal
peculiarity characteristic
enlarging expanding
remorseless merciless
mama mom
surveillance supervision
minor underage
exposure exposures
reconquer recapture
smile smiles
ground grounding
modernity modernism
indict charge
bourgogne burgundy
interfere interfering
sleeping sleep
korea rok
adviser consultants
advisers consultant
advisers consultants
adviser consultant
extended lengthy
ceasing cease
ceasing ceases
piercing pierce
exist existing
agreement contracted
agreement contract
gifted skilled
wrong incorrect
smelly stinking
interfering interfere
rotating rotate
view vista
act law
allow enable
dual double
rough rude
halting stopping
normandy normandie
escape elope
powerful compelling
motivated motivate
framing frame
framing frames
procreation reproduction
comprised consisting
retaliation revenge
mama mummy
increase increased
insistently doggedly
broader wider
bumpy rough
utilization use
utilization uses
fraud swindling
stipulate stipulates
devil demon
chris kris
sundown sunset
morose gloomy
gather glean
objective unbiased
supervision surveillance
hindrance obstacle
leases rentals
lease rentals
responsibility liable
lease rental
leases rental
timid bashful
importance important
baking bake
downfall ruin
burnout depletion
bought purchased
responsible liable
moist wet
bad dreadful
gratitude appreciation
obstruction barrier
merry happy
concrete precise
toilet loo
brilliant lustrous
illustrious splendid
christendom christianity
serviceable helpful
appointment appointing
appointments appointing
cause reason
disappointed disappoint
allocated allocate
consequently therefore
guideline guidelines
underage minor
seize seized
null zero
noxious toxic
deplorable woeful
severely seriously
melee scrimmage
mummy mom
principle principles
simulate simulating
apartment flat
ongoing continuous
invitations invitation
tribal tribe
tribal tribes
exasperation aggravation
finished completed
rise climb
humanity mankind
pal buddy
occupy occupies
devastating ravaging
adviser counsellors
arthur artur
advisers counsellors
dwelling habitation
advisers counsellor
adviser counsellor
sufficient enough
centre center
clavicle wishbone
error errors
fight combat
broaden enlarging
reservation bookings
reservations bookings
reservation booking
reservations booking
biological biologic
persuade convince
boundless infinite
enable allow
unite uniting
crime offense
indeterminate uncertain
broadening extending
classification classifications
gaze look
intimidation bullying
continuous continual
remarkable outstanding
whopping huge
jail gaol
conducive favourable
compile compiling
double doubling
sir mister
sunset sundown
protection protective
protections protective
despair hopelessness
trouble hassle
terrific awesome
mummy mama
christy christie
context background
reduced decreased
combat fight
pee piss
quick rapidly
apt likely
mixing mixture
mixing mixtures
sexier sexy
automobile motorcar
huge dramatic
clash skirmish
approximately nearly
downplay belittle
fisheries fishery
affectionate affective
tally count
bashful timid
bombardment shelling
notable remarkable
notable significant
extraordinary terrific
gaby gabi
headquarter hq
neglect neglected
adapt readjust
convene convened
teenage adolescent
uninterrupted incessant
ceasing stopping
unknown unnamed
slacken weaken
deficiencies insufficiency
deficiency insufficiency
philippines filipino
rotations rotation
diagnostics diagnoses
diagnostics diagnosis
demeanor demeanour
porter doorman
caplan kaplan
formulate formulation
structures structured
structure structured
supper dinners
supper dinner
lowered reduced
yvonne ivonne
cortez cortes
cooperation collaborates
cooperation collaborate
colour colors
hindering hinder
ascertained determined
unrecorded unregistered
mighty powerful
restrict restricts
forefinger index
koko coco
forthcoming upcoming
invested invest
mate comrade
flower flowers
handbook manual
salary wage
salaries wage
vacancies vacant
vacancy vacant
irregularity abnormality
shooter gunman
mens men
mens man
macneil mcneil
deactivating deactivate
integrated integrate
modifications change
modifications changes
personnel employee
obvious unmistakable
portable mobile
portable mobiles
refuge sanctuary
bordello whorehouse
senseless ludicrous
enormous extreme
alright okay
effectiveness efficacious
naughty bad
clean sanitize
scrumptious yummy
behavior demeanor
greatest biggest
home houses
homes house
homes houses
home house
launch initiating
strange weird
peter petr
peters petr
phrasing phraseology
apparent superficial
treacherous traitorous
initiate initiating
florence firenze
initiates initiating
storing stores
storing store
surfeit glut
chili chile
specifically especially
seller marketer
formatted format
formatted formats
newer new
dairy milk
grief sadness
medal decoration
important pivotal
refreshes refresh
heaps stacks
mom mother
frederico federico
attach attached
requisite necessary
bodily physical
important major
incredible awesome
chairperson chairmen
abolition abolishing
presentable decent
reason ground
billing bill
possibly potentially
tania tanya
suha soha
ejection expulsion
mohsen muhsin
pity compassion
tier level
ease easing
dismiss dismissed
bend bending
mechanism mechanisms
insufficiency deficiencies
insufficiency deficiency
mostly predominantly
colour hue
forums fora
honey sweetheart
countering combat
exhibit display
delete erase
deleted erase
accessed access
demeanour demeanor
stopping ceasing
enmity hostility
afterwards subsequently
jeannine janeane
pontiff pope
checkered chequered
superficial apparent
fount source
obstacle hindrance
fantastic outstanding
participation attendance
recognized recognition
laud praise
safely securely
hiding concealing
banning prohibit
postponing postponement
constanta constanza
million mln
ferment unrest
preemptive preventive
participation turnout
unfavourable inauspicious
clown buffoon
intensify intensifies
deadline timeframe
johnny johnnie
divergent differing
nick nik
consistently perpetually
aggravation exasperation
deactivate deactivating
blend mixing
overthrowing overthrow
complementary supplemental
ensure guaranteeing
bountiful generous
sanctuary refuge
nonsense bullshit
banned forbidden
fantastic awesome
bullshit nonsense
forceps tongs
dissolving dissolve
peddler hawker
feature featured
uncertain indeterminate
features featured
preventative preventive
chok chowk
upfront initial
promotions advancement
promotion advancement
sunrise daybreak
route path
routes path
routes paths
route paths
blurred hazy
inmate prisoners
inmates prisoner
inmates prisoners
inmate prisoner
growth grow
awareness consciousness
kg kilo
prolongation prolonging
accurate precise
damaged broken
weird bizarre
polluted contaminated
discard discarding
gunman shooter
value valuing
dato datu
significant notable
genetics genetic
horribly frightfully
ground reason
revise revision
revise revisions
sixes six
crossroad crossroads
revolt uprising
tolerable tolerant
rightness correctness
enhances strengthens
geologic geological
consultants adviser
consultant advisers
consultants advisers
consultant adviser
projectile missile
continuous ongoing
affecting impacting
seigneur lord
decline declination
refresh refreshes
spend expenditure
defy defies
kazakh kazak
divergence discrepancy
kathy cathy
improper unsuitable
reminisce remember
vocal loud
respond replying
medical medicinal
sent send
restricts restrict
hello howdy
honey sweetheart
pictures photo
procured procure
linchpin mainstay
hydrocarbon hydrocarbons
amon amun
server servers
christie christy
outstanding remarkable
infamous ignominious
postponed deferred
gain increase
gain increased
larger big
everytime whenever
classifications classifying
classification classifying
vomit puke
largest larger
safe safer
underscore underlines
underscore underline
underscores underlines
vile hideous
employers employer
declared announced
congratulations congrats
facility center
inherent implicit
convincing convince
annex annexed
harmful unfavourable
recruit recruited
pity shame
convince persuade
validate validated
help aided
helping aid
helped aid
help aid
helped aided
constructions constructing
construction constructing
termination terminating
beginning starting
beginnings starting
indubitably certainly
wound wounded
due owing
special extraordinary
continuity continuance
pierce piercing
nub crux
chiu qiu
accelerate acceleration
pal buddy
scoring score
review inspect
elimination removal
elimination removals
proverbial famous
reduction shrinkage
pressing press
commander comandante
unreasonable improper
hinder hindering
single lone
determined ascertained
expressway superhighway
wounded wound
refuses refusing
refuse refusing
false incorrect
correct corrected
braking brakes
fabulous splendid
propose proposes
mixture mixing
mixtures mixing
terrific marvellous
subway metro
helpful salutary
fisherman fisher
fishermen fishers
fishermen fisher
fisherman fishers
smudge stain
mushrooms fungus
mushroom fungi
mushroom fungus
mushrooms fungi
wallet pocketbook
partition divide
skilful adroit
hsiao xiao
timeframe deadline
crass rude
qualify qualified
papa daddy
tribute commendation
ruin wreck
avert stave
duplicate duplicating
stunning splendid
etch etching
buggery sodomy
conscious cognizant
shortages shortfall
shortage shortfall
cathy kathy
recovering recovers
obvious palpable
generally normally
fills filled
fill filled
performs undertakes
measurable quantifiable
undying eternal
predominantly primarily
promote furthering
proscribed prohibited
rs r
duplicating duplicate
rising rises
rising rise
repayment refund
simplify simplified
hydrocarbons hydrocarbon
discrepancy divergence
rude impertinent
carefully thoroughly
odd strange
exceptional abnormal
destinations destination
cognizant conscious
rok koreas
rok korea
preferred prefer
combat countering
easing ease
light lighter
coco koko
detaining detain
initiating start
extol praise
velocity speeds
velocity speed
interruptions suspension
interruption suspension
dump dumping
caught catch
farewell adieu
ancillary subsidiary
cold frigid
attraction attractiveness
highest high
attendance involvement
wrong mistake
posterior backside
frightfully horribly
functionary official
manual handbook
expenditure spend
stables steady
stable steadies
stable steady
resolutely firmly
sulphide sulfide
sunshine sunlight
precise accurate
seriously severely
recapture reconquer
toxic noxious
expeditious prompt
fisher angler
fishers angler
datu dato
dismal dreary
coffeehouse cafe
aleksander alexandre
zoning area
zone area
continuous ceaseless
oversee supervising
decreased declined
grounding foundation
formulate formulates
tallow fat
buddies friends
constant unceasing
prominent eminent
inshore coastal
hubby husband
advisor consultant
happy merry
neighbor neighbouring
neighbors neighbouring
unsound improper
provokes evokes
belittle downplay
flee elope
sodomy buggery
goodbye adieu
fantastic outstanding
stipulate stipulated
different diverse
johnnie johnny
precarious insecure
chrome chromium
filter filtered
manufacture fabrication
manufactures fabrication
surrogate alternatives
surrogate alternative
comfy cosy
enslavement slavery
climb rise
intervene interfere
tier levels
tier level
tiers levels
tiers level
mixture blends
mixture blend
hopelessness despair
refresh refreshing
clarifying clarify
franchises franchising
franchise franchising
likewise similarly
assessment assessed
postponement postponing
choose choices
choose choice
breathing respiratory
bargain negotiate
agency agencies
regulates regulate
zero nil
platforms platform
choices choice
exceeding exceeds
cease discontinue
ceases discontinue
marvelous remarkable
rejuvenated renewed
similarly likewise
huge phenomenal
unique single
tolerant tolerable
georgi giorgi
neighbors neighboring
neighbor neighboring
wrong fallacious
rest remainder
convince convincing
ranks ranked
rank ranked
giorgi georgi
reverses reversing
reverse reversing
cortes cortez
marvelously marvellously
lodgings accommodation
lodgings accommodations
archaeological archeology
decline decreased
filipe felipe
tribute homage
cable cabling
cables cabling
consecutive successive
discretion prudence
petty trivial
guaranteeing ensure
geological geologic
formulation preparation
daddy papa
platform platforms
avenida avenue
handsome splendid
purchased bought
rude crass
attained achieved
koko coco
vague hazy
piss pee
mundane ordinary
analyze analysis
modern fashionable
analyze analyses
abides complies
sick unwell
barbarian barbaric
specify specified
enraged angered
law act
aeroplane airplane
xiao hsiao
acknowledges admits
assistance helped
assistance help
deficit shortfall
deficits shortfall
high highest
huan hwan
proficiency competence
rational reasonable
renewing renewal
renewing renewals
brakes braking
nebulous unclear
sher cher
abdu abdo
press pressing
merry joyful
sylvan silvan
inconsiderate reckless
buffoon clown
timetable timelines
timetables timeline
timetable timeline
kaplan caplan
timetables timelines
define defining
nosy curious
new newer
gain increase
hurtful offensive
bundle packet
vino wine
compiling compile
proficiency competence
choose selects
fungus mushrooms
fungi mushroom
fungus mushroom
fungi mushrooms
quantifiable measurable
employee personnel
unfit improper
favourable propitious
beneath underneath
hog pig
newest latest
update updated
altered change
document documented
broaden increase
uniting unite
demolish raze
reduced lowered
obtain elicit
biologic biological
composed consisting
clarification clarify
certainly indubitably
aman amman
detain detaining
duly properly
expand broadening
plow plough
calm assuage
disappoint disappointed
electors voter
counsellors adviser
elector voters
elector voter
electors voters
counsellors advisers
counsellor advisers
counsellor adviser
explores explore
remembering remember
triumph win
olympiad olympics
valid defensible
definitively definitely
eyeglasses glasses
eternal undying
particular unique
prevent prevented
align aligns
elbe elba
unregistered unrecorded
shame pity
stupid brainless
string chain
fowl bird
wanna want
rentals leases
rentals lease
rental lease
rental leases
philosophic philosophical
covert ulterior
chasm gulf
abolition abolish
reversing reverses
reversing reverse
drivers driver
duplicating duplication
preventative precautionary
decoration medal
monitored policed
celsius centigrade
rebels insurgent
aided help
aid helping
aid helped
aid help
aided helped
thoroughly carefully
uptight tense
proposes propose
stress underline
aligns align
barriers obstacle
barrier obstacles
barriers obstacles
barrier obstacle
intensifies intensify
mama moms
mama mom
theoretical conceptual
stain smudge
ascent ascension
choice choices
suggests proposes
incipient initial
cannibalistic cannibal
straightaway forthwith
predictable foreseeable
competitor rival
selected picked
selected pick
select picked
select pick
corrected rectified
root origin
act law
reinforced reinforce
length duration
rectified corrected
leslie lesley
clarify clarifies
needy destitute
meaningful significant
supervising oversee
agendas agenda
quick rapid
attentive careful
super hyper
evil malign
celebrate commemorate
collaborate collaboration
ponderous heavy
offer offered
slipping slips
slipping slip
tribunal courts
mowing shearing
leyton leighton
farming agriculture
apparent observable
crooked twisty
widening broadening
furthering promote
tighter closer
tight closest
tight close
tight closer
fiddle fiddling
conceit vanity
analysis analyze
chat talk
efficient effectiveness
prudent careful
mainstay linchpin
competence proficiency
demeanor behaviour
bright lustrous
constanza constanta
pursue pursuing
wider larger
rough bumpy
approach approaching
approaches approaching
uncommon extraordinary
correctness rightness
designs designing
design designing
madly deliriously
earlier beforehand
foot feet
pulling pulls
pulling pull
invitation invitations
sensible sane
bbq barbecue
brits british
dramatic huge
source wellspring
false fake
euros euro
subsidiary ancillary
heavy hefty
caterina catherine
potentially possibly
perpetual continuous
careful conscientious
chain string
signior signor
consequence upshot
foreseeable predictable
ok okay
lag lagging
devising formulation
supposed putative
slips slipping
slip slipping
earnings income
earnings incomes
pretty quite
commemorate celebrate
honouring honoring
lengthening prolonging
fine alright
strasbourg strasburg
considerably significantly
measly paltry
slavery enslavement
salient important
dip fall
independent freelance
barrier obstruction
undeniably doubtlessly
incorrect wrong
servers server
extraordinary special
larger wider
contaminated polluted
splendid sterling
minor trivial
splendid stunning
inclined sloping
commendation tribute
prison gaol
broaden expanding
products merchandise
product merchandise
emphasise highlight
breathe respiration
carew caro
fisher fisherman
publication publishing
fishers fishermen
publications publishing
fisher fishermen
fishers fisherman
detentions custody
detention custody
dissemble conceal
unique unequalled
larger bigger
judicial juridical
qualified qualify
sadness grief
adaptability adaptive
file filing
file filings
files filings
files filing
kidnap abduction
kidnap abductions
charter chartered
occupied occupy
blends mixtures
blend mixture
blend mixtures
blends mixture
particular specific
delay procrastinate
elimination deletion
phone telephone
tale stories
tales story
tales stories
tale story
underneath beneath
glut surfeit
significantly considerably
doorman porter
lowering reductions
lowering reduction
supremo supreme
imperfection inadequacy
cost prices
cost priced
cost pricing
cost price
forman foreman
eldest elder
hazard risk
stinking smelly
hajj hadj
acknowledgement recognize
sleep sleeping
fake false
waco wako
underlines underscore
underline underscore
underlines underscores
unmistakable clear
arbor arbour
vessel vessels
timetable timeframe
verifies verify
collections collection
confirm confirms
securely safely
foundation cornerstone
sensible sound
hinder impede
area zoning
area zone
joy glee
maybe perhaps
stricter tougher
fantastic exceptional
undefended unprotected
deactivating disabling
myanmar burma
chap cap
establishment institution
establishment institutions
establishments institutions
establishments institution
completed finished
ammo munition
destination destinations
argentinean argentina
drowned drown
conceptual theoretical
chromium chrome
endorsed countenance
endorse countenance
buddy pal
badge insignia
foiled thwarted
badges insignia
seasoned skilled
chairmen chairperson
risk hazard
consisting composed
floppy diskette
expressly explicitly
fishermen angler
fisherman anglers
fisherman angler
fishermen anglers
threatening ominous
skilled gifted
unceasing continuous
contributing contribute
exhibition shows
exhibition show
questionable shady
heaven paradise
completed finished
jacky jackie
primarily predominantly
husband hubby
enterprise enterprises
remedy redress
remedies redress
remuneration pay
mistreat abuse
nosy inquisitive
initiating launch
lifelike vivid
euro euros
display exhibit
bigger larger
purifying cleansing
mister sir
effortless easy
effortless easier
temptation enticement
burial interment
achieved attained
indeterminate unknown
remarkable notable
bizarre weird
mother mama
fantastic sublime
destruction demolition
accurate exact
pig hog
integrate integrated
headway advances
headway advance
rotation rotations
disturbance commotion
durable lasting
incorrect fallacious
topography topographical
duly adequately
bridged bridge
declined decreased
important salient
eleanor elinor
austere strict
native aboriginals
natives aboriginals
natives aboriginal
native aboriginal
zero null
incredible unbelievably
recognize acknowledgement
frailty weakness
deter inhibit
hit strike
extreme tremendous
daddy papa
explicitly expressly
indecent improper
wine vino
preparation formulation
yes yep
safran saffron
germ microbe
shutdown closure
scourge bane
repugnant offensive
aid aids
whorehouse bordello
favourable affirmative
deferment postponement
therefore consequently
shortfall deficit
shortfall deficits
worry worried
worries worried
fantastic magnificent
exceeds exceeding
grille grill
elder eldest
false mendacious
release liberate
mixing blend
grill grille
gunshot gunfire
discontinue halt
innocent blameless
stupid dumb
differing divergent
vessels vessel
mergers amalgamation
merger amalgamation
always perpetually
single unique
uniting unifying
difference gap
cain kain
silvan sylvan
weakness disadvantage
sanitary hygienic
phases stages
phase stages
phase stage
brainy intelligent
ebullient enthusiastic
subsequently thereafter
constructing construct
hafiz hafeez
concentration focus
everyday daily
doable possible
dispute dissension
splendid fabulous
assessment valuation
assessments valuation
leaflets booklets
zero null
terminating ending
loud vocal
admits acknowledges
craziness lunacy
enterprises enterprise
perhaps maybe
gassy gaseous
remarkable curious
alternatives surrogate
alternative surrogate
katia katja
undertaken undertake
supple pliable
regains restores
built build
built builds
newer novel
opening open
new novel
stipulates stipulate
reductions reduction
wider wide
farewell adieu
raised raises
raised raise
obstacle barriers
obstacles barrier
obstacles barriers
obstacle barrier
necessary requisite
exemplary remarkable
ascendancy dominance
modes methods
mode methods
mode method
modes method
instability unstable
upfront initial
unsafe perilous
punishing punish
uneven unequal
tremendous extreme
hedge hedging
return comeback
mum mama
upward upwards
initiation commencement
maximise maximizing
rich wealthy
isolate isolation
gap variance
respiratory breathing
packet bundle
gloomy morose
ended finished
correct accurate
assessment rating
hafeez hafiz
lavatory bathroom
marvellous terrific
fooling kidding
mad crazy
dual double
package packaged
packages packaged
swine pig
granddad grandfather
minimal minuscule
speed speeding
foreman forman
fabien fabian
fabian fabien
recognition recognized
ingrate ungrateful
prerogative privileges
prerogative privilege
weakness frailty
susceptibility sensitivity
faster fast
havoc desolation
strengthens enhances
angered enraged
prisoners inmate
prisoner inmates
prisoners inmates
prisoner inmate
alternatives option
alternative option
alternatives options
alternative options
matured mature
doubling double
receiver recipient
bleak dim
spiteful malicious
dwelling home
opinion view
done accomplished
limited scant
incentive motivator
xmas christmas
proposes suggests
katja katia
motivate motivated
stephane stephen
nelly nellie
collaborate cooperating
defining define
huge tremendous
institution establishment
institutions establishment
institutions establishments
institution establishments
disabling deactivating
bh bih
apparent glaring
abuse mistreatment
abuses mistreatment
sparing spare
construct constructing
jumble muddle
splendid handsome
scrimmage melee
enlarging broaden
improper unsound
statutory regulatory
unbelievably incredible
crazy insane
crossroads crossroad
refund repayments
refunds repayment
refunds repayments
refund repayment
refund repayment
spare sparing
nursery creche
malicious spiteful
customers customer
interment burial
closer closest
finish close
finished close
assessments assessment
blocked block
former past
filing file
filings file
filings files
filing files
telephone phone
reason cause
dumb stupid
upwards upward
ebb reflux
sentry sentinel
easier simpler
evaluate evaluated
erstwhile previous
predominantly mostly
objective aims
objectives aims
objectives aim
objective aim
jobless unemployment
just righteous
cher sher
ultrasound ultrasonic
trolley streetcar
overrule reject
portuguese portugese
outbound outgoing
pamphlet flyer
brainless stupid
tackling addressing
chart graph
renewed rejuvenated
sweetheart honey
alarming frightful
unprotected undefended
tumult unrest
hideous vile
extreme dire
allocate allocated
depletion burnout
successive consecutive
amalgamation mergers
amalgamation merger
terrific outstanding
admissible acceptable
abducting kidnap
paradise heaven
clemency mercy
rebel mutinous
rash imprudent
lavatory latrine
connector connectors
transporters carriers
transporter carrier
transporters carrier
transporter carriers
dominique dominik
hostility enmity
christianity christendom
tanya tania
transmission transmitting
heavy ponderous
vision sight
delightful splendid
risky unsafe
abuse abusing
preventive preemptive
involvement attendance
initial upfront
bill billing
incorrect false
saffron safran
selects choose
insane crazy
interfere tamper
send sends
controversial polemic
defying defy
apprehend detain
associating associate
assessments appraisal
preserves preserve
sustainable durable
trivial petty
medications medicine
medication medicines
medication medicine
medications medicines
houses home
house homes
houses homes
house home
spirited vibrant
earnings gain
exhort encourage
selecting choose
reserve reserved
okay ok
stefani stephanie
complies abides
sensitivity susceptibility
dreadful bad
peaceful pacific
closest closer
incessant unceasing
refine refining
reckless inconsiderate
immediate instant
open opening
hello howdy
fiend demon
wanna want
forbidden banned
orifice hole
perceptive subtle
hedging hedge
global worldwide
customers customer
trips voyages
trip voyages
trip voyage
trips voyage
mechanisms mechanism
adjusting readjustment
remarkable exemplary
probable likely
injures injured
resolving solve
stages phases
stages phase
stage phase
underline emphasise
six sixes
emphatic forceful
pearson pierson
investigated investigate
esteemed revered
addressing tackling
alongside beside
unrest tumult
conceived designed
undertakes performs
rental renting
rentals renting
impede constrain
cougar puma
clever smart
important notable
bleu blue
hate hating
best decent
good decent
better decent
unequal uneven
romanian rumanian
romanians rumanian
accumulated accumulate
restores regains
god deity
himself itself
vanity conceit
quick expedited
aware conscious
competence proficiency
outline describe
renewed renewing
modification changing
modification change
announced declared
ultrasonic ultrasound
accommodation lodgings
accommodations lodgings
systemic systematic
clarify clarifying
barbaric barbarian
grave serious
external outward
sweetheart honey
booklets leaflets
formulates formulate
deterioration worsening
appreciation gratitude
panel group
strengthening reinforcement
combustion burning
deportment behavior
solider servicemen
solider serviceman
confirms confirm
teenager adolescents
teenagers adolescents
teenager adolescent
teenagers adolescent
impotence weakness
talking talk
powdered pulverized
simpler easier
integrity wholeness
effectiveness efficient
rioting disturbance
guides guiding
guide guiding
rise upswing
overthrow overthrowing
abridged shortened
jodie jody
accordingly therefore
duplication duplicating
marvellous splendid
kettle boiler
lagging lag
promptly forthwith
assessment evaluating
assessments evaluating
condoned tolerated
obtain gain
format formatted
formats formatted
improper incorrect
feet foot
careful attentive
sold sells
sold sell
override overriding
extent magnitude
stubborn dogged
manoeuvres maneuvers
manoeuvre maneuver
manoeuvre maneuvers
manoeuvres maneuver
retreat backtracking
practicing practice
kilo kg
mama mummy
chooses choose
increase broaden
savoy savoie
use utilizing
itself himself
challenged challenge
duration length
hating hate
grams gs
grams g
crazy loony
secrets secretive
secret secretive
pursuing pursue
incapacity disability
incapacity disabilities
perspective viewpoints
perspective viewpoint
perspectives viewpoint
perspectives viewpoints
yusuf yousef
counsellor counselor
executes execute
improper indecent
criticise critique
stacks heaps
shearing mowing
grief heartbreak
attempt try
double dual
contribute contributing
transmitting transmission
harry harri
allocation allotments
allocation allotment
precise specifics
precise specific
impede hobble
specified specify
buddy pal
physician doctors
onboard aboard
overriding override
odd weird
surveillance monitoring
modest meager
aviation aeronautics
unsafe risky
collection collections
root origin
designed conceived
pacific peaceful
hormone hormonal
unemployed jobless
skilled seasoned
monitoring surveillance
monitor surveillance
monitored surveillance
readjust adjustment
lure bait
folding fold
supervising supervision
suliman suleyman
outgoing outbound
dissolving dissolution
jody jodie
maximizing maximise
constrain impede
gratuitous unnecessary
locate situate
acceptable admissible
wrongful unlawful
secretive secrets
secretive secret
defensible valid
stupid senseless
official functionary
irreproachable faultless
screenplay scenario
careful prudent
faultless irreproachable
succeeding succeed
blend melange
idiot imbecile
comandante commanders
comandante commander
kidding fooling
subtle perceptive
forthwith immediate
magnificent fantastic
streetcar trolley
insignificant minuscule
sorcerer magician
payment payments
jackie jacky
legal juridical
forthwith promptly
repayment refund
boiler kettle
deutch deutsch
centigrade celsius
closure shutdown
circa approximately
bleed hemorrhaging
cosy comfy
evacuate evacuations
discontinue cease
evacuate evacuation
discontinue ceases
brief terse
chase chasing
threat jeopardy
aboard onboard
larger wider
extant present
resultant resulting
dryer drier
smart clever
hold held
change altered
improper unwarranted
finest best
roughly approx
handbook guidebook
reject spurn
carriers transporters
carrier transporter
carrier transporters
carriers transporter
direct directed
anemia anaemia
hue shade
constant unchanging
compassion pity
lipper lieber
imprisonment captivity
principally primarily
specifics precise
specific precise
effectiveness potency
perform fulfil
artisans craftsmen
artisan craftsman
muddle jumble
apparent palpable
friends buddies
howdy hi
merciless remorseless
typing type
desecration sacrilege
protective prophylactic
anarchic uncontrolled
magnitude extent
rapid quick
false fake
savanna savannah
improper inopportune
unanimity unanimous
immediate forthwith
synonymous tantamount
cargo freight
select pick
lawd lord
tolerated condoned
customer customers
assassination assassinating
consequence consequences
wounds lesions
past elapsed
clear unmistakable
pulverized powdered
splendid marvellous
series serial
series serials
reversal turnabout
intensifying deepening
fall dip
conscious aware
microbe germ
package packaging
heated heat
remorseless ruthless
situate locate
refusing refuses
refusing refuse
previous preceding
fine alright
conformity accordance
divider splitter
friend friends
confronts confront
counselling advice
kristina christina
northern north
focussed focus
ascension ascent
imagination vision
destitute needy
expired expire
exert exerting
anguish torment
anguish torments
polemic controversial
deprived underprivileged
customer customers
drier dryer
convened convene
pliable supple
best finest
refuses refusal
refuse refusals
reserved reserve
refuse refusal
draft drafted
doctors physician
thwarted foiled
attendance participation
famous renowned
impertinent rude
sends send
admits confesses
unifying uniting
honey darling
access accessed
pledges pledging
pledge pledging
appraising assessing
toro toru
incorrect improper
accordance conformity
prohibit bans
prohibit ban
pulls pulling
pull pulling
demon fiend
readjustment adjusting
grandfather granddad
triumphant victorious
prefer preferred
lunacy madness
submit communicate
submit communicating
magician sorcerer
delete eliminate
suzan susan
diskette floppy
mostly mainly
soiled filthy
panel groups
panels groups
panels group
panel group
roof ceiling
rebates discount
rebate discount
rebates discounts
rebate discounts
committee commitee
witless stupid
impede hinder
existing extant
rarity rare
suicidal suicide
whistle whistling
infectious transmittable
servant official
craftsmen artisans
craftsman artisan
lieber lipper
calculation reckoning
rescuer saviour
affords provides
monitoring surveillance
mobilisation mobilizing
practise practicing
estimation assessments
estimation assessment
incorporated incorporate
sound sensible
accurate correct
concealing hiding
underaged minor
occupy occupied
silvestre sylvester
insignia badge
insignia badges
motivations motivation
phenomenal huge
honey sweetheart
block blocked
eyeglasses glasses
hi howdy
cookery cooking
evacuations evacuate
evacuation evacuate
wide wider
fax facsimile
removal expulsion
approx around
unassuming humble
infinite unbounded
newest newer
level tier
therefore accordingly
immense extreme
thus therefore
modernize upgrade
plough plow
adieu goodbye
streamline rationalized
treachery treason
hijacked hijack
collaborative cooperation
enchanted delighted
artefact artifacts
artefact artifact
artefacts artifact
artefacts artifacts
dismissed dismiss
clever skilled
disadvantage weakness
hard tough
undertake undertaken
diverse different
olympics olympiad
false phoney
harshness cruelty
diagnosing diagnosis
collaboration cooperate
picky choosy
incessant steady
mother mom
quite pretty
marianne mariane
yousef yusuf
disinfection disinfect
neighbouring neighbor
neighbouring neighbors
friends friend
approx about
defy defying
redeployed redeploy
broadens expands
group panel
renewing renewed
developments development
outstanding fantastic
recoup retrieve
grandiose splendid
preceding previous
unmitigated total
philosophical philosophic
bribery corruption
talk talking
gunfire gunshot
refining refine
raises raised
raise raised
firmly resolutely
broad broader
g grams
criminal felon
defends defending
appellation designation
recipient receiver
remarkable notable
increase widen
intelligent brainy
deletion abolition
unemployed jobless
retains maintains
loren lauren
vivid lifelike
clarifies clarify
stupid witless
super great
lunacy craziness
examined examine
enjoy experience
susan suzan
payments payment
discharge discharging
depicts describes
chile chili
fixed stationary
repayments refund
repayment refunds
repayments refunds
repayment refund
choose chooses
bathroom lavatory
gypsy romany
procure procured
diaz dias
mama mum
bait lure
unbiased impartial
buddy pal
expand expansion
vision imagination
describe outline
aware mindful
hormonal hormone
impartial unprejudiced
regulatory statutory
medicine medications
medicines medication
medicine medication
medicines medications
designing designs
designing design
monitoring monitor
supportive positive
latrine lavatory
inserted inserts
inserted insert
evacuation evacuated
evacuations evacuated
simplified simplify
freight cargo
surge influx
fear fright
fiddling fiddle
toru toro
outline synopsis
outlines synopsis
flimsy weak
hiatus suspension
argentina argentinean
tightened tighten
transported transport
transported transports
packaging package
effectiveness efficacious
sabotaged sabotage
parameter parameters
marvellously marvelously
shakes shaking
shake shaking
assassinating assassination
cohan cohen
curious nosy
serial series
serials series
ilya ilia
directing direct
alright fine
owing due
modified changed
wider larger
transport transported
transports transported
type typing
okay alright
metro subway
sociable social
unwarranted improper
automotive motors
weak vulnerable
automotive motor
contented happy
circa approximately
outstanding fantastic
occupies occupy
discharging discharge
scenario screenplay
null zero
ungrateful ingrate
deportment conduct
stabilisation stabilizing
characteristic peculiarity
prices cost
priced cost
pricing cost
price cost
worried worry
worried worries
levels tier
level tier
levels tiers
level tiers
whistling whistle
vital critical
mariane marianne
initiation initiate
aeronautics aviation
concealing concealment
receipts takings
strongly sternly
guidelines guideline
perhaps maybe
chairwoman presidents
chairwoman president
stopped halted
mummy mom
mummy moms
terrific outstanding
lesions wounds
extreme serious
credible trustworthy
engenders generates
altered changed
ilia ilya
confront confronts
big larger
synopsis outline
synopsis outlines
rest remainder
virgin virgen
defenseless vulnerable
evacuated evacuation
evacuated evacuations
indistinct vague
serious weighty
mickie mickey
extending broadening
hungarian magyar
fast faster
satisfies fulfils
deliriously madly
abode home
froth scum
torture torturing
slogan motto
allow enable
allows enabled
allows enables
allowing enable
allowed enables
allowed enable
allowing enabling
allow enabled
allowed enabling
allowing enabled
allowed enabled
supporting supportive
miki mickey
injured injures
enough sufficiently
tenable valid
gyptians pikeys
simulate simulating
remainder rest
mindful aware
aisha aicha
crummy lousy
fantastic brilliant
hawker peddler
fixing fixation
rumanian romanian
rumanian romanians
wine vino
ate eat
maintains retains
decomposition disintegration
forceful powerful
erstwhile former
assessed assessment
arts humanities
intimidate bully
guideline guidelines
yourself yourselves
collectivity collective
expands broadens
mom mamma
exceptional fantastic
belonging belong
execute executes
reflux ebb
unknown unrecognized
turnabout reversal
sylvester silvestre
senseless stupid
butt arse
outlook prospects
dissolution dissolving
sentinel sentry
ok alright
good well
suspension deferment
choosy picky
unceasing incessant
cooperation cooperating
deportment behaviour
peacefulness peaceful
deactivating deactivation
unfairness injustice
utilized used
lawsuit case
agriculture farming
initiated initiate
wins winning
win winning
chiefly primarily
shortened abridged
winning victorious
aboriginals native
aboriginals natives
aboriginal natives
aboriginal native
immutable unchanged
speechless silent
cease discontinue
persists persisted
pooling pools
pooling pool
weighty major
fold folding
crux nub
jordan jordon
cleansing purifying
pledging pledges
pledging pledge
splendid delightful
cheryl sheryl
acknowledgement recognized
wako waco
phase phasing
expand widen
start launch
lousy crummy
unfavorable bad
treated treat
diagnose diagnosis
speeds velocity
speed velocity
expire expiration
luiza luisa
mummy mama
alright fine
simulating simulate
gorgeous fantastic
grew grow
assessing appraising
forage foraging
yourselves yourself
treason treachery
blizzard snowstorm
sassy impudent
punish punishing
comprise comprises
super terrific
diddy didi
important weighty
extensive comprehensive
practicing practise
advice councils
saviour rescuer
enough sufficiently
scrapping scrap
glasses eyeglasses
brilliant fantastic
significant meaningful
partly partially
secrets confidential
secret confidential
anywhere everywhere
defies defy
expulsion ejection
designation appellation
easy uncomplicated
discloses disclose
advice counselling
conserves preserves
jimmy jimmie
hussain hassan
victorious winning
calibrate calibrating
light lit
conceal dissemble
positive supportive
allowable deductible
hijack hijacked
avenue avenida
remarkable astounding
steady incessant
gargantuan huge
prosecuting prosecute
disability incapacity
disabilities incapacity
delete remove
willing desirous
broadens expands
sulfide sulphide
animation animated
goods good
required necessary
counselling counsel
counselling counsels
imbecile idiot
length duration
rebound backlash
representing represent
divide partition
stress underline
frankfort frankfurt
aicha aisha
nucleus core
nuclei core
nuclei cores
close finish
close finished
arms armaments
arms armament
swine pig
root origin
scaling scales
scaling scale
held hold
tubes tubing
tube tubing
expanding enlarging
confesses admits
forcible forced
healthful salutary
recalled recalls
recalled recall
changed modified
daily everyday
passenger passengers
offense offences
offenses offence
offenses offences
offense offence
deductible allowable
methods modes
methods mode
method mode
stephanie stefani
method modes
origin root
scales scaling
scale scaling
papa dad
diagnosis diagnosing
lowest minimum
intestinal bowel
uncontrolled anarchic
lord lawd
reasonable sane
explosion explodes
artifacts artefact
artifact artefact
artifact artefacts
artifacts artefacts
guidebook handbook
focus focussed
halted stopped
till until
synchronisation synchronize
ads advertisements
comrade mate
gs grams
g grams
curious unusual
allow enable
several various
dash hyphen
torturing torture
postponement deferment
steady continuous
comprehend understanding
pajamas pyjamas
mainly mostly
peak crest
notable remarkable
reproduction procreation
triomphe triumph
area sphere
deducting deduct
dual double
ewa eva
persisted persists
income earnings
incomes earnings
virgen virgin
truck lorry
unspoken implicit
cannibal cannibalistic
mature matured
refusal refuses
refusals refuse
dotted dots
refusal refuse
dotted dot
generates engenders
bn bln
consequences consequence
variance gap
adaptive adaptable
remember remembering
scrap scrapping
snowstorm blizzard
declines decreased
decline decreased
brochure leaflets
brochure leaflet
brochures leaflet
brochures leaflets
objectionable offensive
jason jayson
unlawful wrongful
abnormalities anomaly
deviation diversion
abnormality anomaly
abnormality anomalies
abnormalities anomalies
difficult challenging
hinged hinge
monitor overseeing
describes depicts
leaflets brochure
leaflet brochure
leaflet brochures
leaflets brochures
closer tighter
closest tight
close tight
closer tight
modified altered
cooking cookery
wilful intentional
additional extra
fall tumble
armaments arms
latest newest
armament arms
motors automotive
motor automotive
pity shame
guiding guides
guiding guide
accumulate accumulated
policeman policemen
forceful emphatic
homage tributes
homage tribute
nowhere anywhere
ending terminating
launch start
workshop workshops
refuses rejects
refuses reject
refuse rejects
refuse reject
choices choose
choice choose
farsi persian
prophylactic protective
motivation motivations
smuggling trafficking
forgiven forgive
hoisting lift
dad papa
enhancements enhancement
skilled clever
altered modified
early precocious
tense uptight
guides handbook
guide handbook
francy francie
stationary fixed
guidelines guideline
voter electors
voters elector
voter elector
voters electors
delete deletion
unmatched unprecedented
treachery betrayal
accomplished done
teo theo
melange blend
challenging difficult
triumph triomphe
eased eases
eased ease
inadequacy imperfection
deactivation deactivating
mediate mediating
ended finished
fragrant aromatic
gage gauge
erstwhile old
reduction reductions
murdering murder
broadened extended
challenge challenged
underlined underline
calibrating calibrate
initial upfront
compilation compiling
remove delete
transitory transitional
includes contains
smelly stinky
commences commence
verified verify
oriental eastern
lowercase minuscule
later subsequent
arbour arbor
download unloading
cancel annul
increase gain
increased gain
fulfils satisfies
evolve evolving
retrieval recoveries
retrieval recovery
bad unfavorable
synchronize synchronisation
blue bleu
hole orifice
nurse nurses
inhale breathe
provides affords
kidnap abduct
surveillance monitoring
surveillance monitor
surveillance monitored
mixtures blends
mixture blend
mixtures blend
mixture blends
unrest turmoil
renewal renewing
renewals renewing
eat ate
passengers passenger
monitor supervise
mamma mom
cloister convent
product products
secret clandestine
secrets clandestine
investigate investigated
wrong incorrect
mickey miki
copy copied
copies copied
serious dangerous
rare rarity
comprises comprise
diagnosis diagnose
prohibitions prohibition
aged elderly
fantastic gorgeous
honestly frankly
invert reverse
gaseous gassy
metres meter
metre meter
metres meters
metre meters
browse search
talking conversation
shaking shakes
shaking shake
strike hit
unintended unforeseen
yup yep
academics academic
hinder hampers
hinder hamper
recalls recalled
recall recalled
christina kristina
bad faulty
darling honey
shephard shepard
annuals yearly
annual yearly
jozef joseph
rebirth renaissance
deutsch deutch
enable allow
enabled allows
enables allows
enable allowing
enables allowed
enable allowed
enabling allowing
enabled allow
enabling allowed
enabled allowing
enabled allowed
injustice unfairness
upward rising
floor storey
bans prohibit
ban prohibit
alas regretfully
rabbits bunny
rabbit bunny
frankfurt frankfort
liver hepatic
livers hepatic
interact communicate
inquisitive nosy
bridge bridged
redeploy redeployed
bad unhealthy
whenever everytime
classical conventional
rugged difficult
possessing owning
tube pipe
redundant unnecessary
agencies agency
strenuous hard
phasing phase
north northern
extreme immense
dots dotted
dot dotted
savoie savoy
fixed fix
fixed fixes
privileges prerogative
privilege prerogative
anaemia anemia
groups panel
groups panels
group panels
group panel
comfy comfortable
explore explores
flare flaring
tery terry
privatizing privatisation
monitor monitoring
april avril
retrograde backward
cherie sheri
washing wash
weak flimsy
forthwith immediately
whilst while
rising upward
motorcar auto
fix fixed
fixes fixed
event events
properly duly
freeing liberating
mediating mediate
corrects correct
help supports
help support
helps supporting
helps support
helps supports
contains includes
libraries library
destroy destruction
notify notified
appoints nominates
unequalled unique
yup yep
advantageous good
afraid apprehensive
unusual curious
disabled disable
lowest minimum
scenic picturesque
hyeon hyun
marry matrimony
cooperating collaborate
commanders comandante
commander comandante
tussle fight
parameters parameter
partially partly
necessary required
magnificent splendid
splendid creditable
origins sources
origin source
origins source
origin sources
utilizing use
workshops workshop
weakness impotence
photos picture
photos pictures
photo pictures
photo picture
enable allow
meter metres
meter metre
meters metres
meters metre
various several
homeland fatherland
male mens
offensive repugnant
minuscule lowercase
backtracking retreat
disclose discloses
disintegration decomposition
abolition deletion
pools pooling
pool pooling
splendid grandiose
useable usable
gaea gaia
sphere area
expands broadens
renowned famous
unrest ferment
likely apt
enterprise enterprises
commend commended
extent magnitude
eliminate delete
humanities arts
bunny rabbit
creditable splendid
cited cite
hyphen dash
dispense dispensing
inclement bad
fighters combatants
tough hard
resulting resultant
hassan hussain
ripen mature
ceasing stop
deter inhibit
ashlee ashley
transgression offence
separate separating
reinstate restoring
used accustomed
critical vital
accustomed used
valuation assessment
trustworthy credible
adaptable adaptive
boosting enhancing
recognized acknowledgement
true genuine
revision revise
revisions revise
helped supported
help support
help supported
helping support
helped support
anonymous unknown
seafaring marine
powerful forceful
sealer sealant
wrong amiss
toward towards
hi howdy
selects chooses
cleansed cleansing
negotiate bargain
magnificent wonderful
jimmie jimmy
improves enhances
opened inaugurated
erik erick
madness lunacy
undefined indefinite
unrecognized unknown
dash hyphen
attendance participation
conscientiously seriously
separating separate
examine examined
frankly honestly
previous erstwhile
lessening diminishing
supervisory surveillance
destroyed demolished
splitter divider
broader broad
unknown anonymous
communicate submit
communicating submit
inhuman inhumane
heat heated
advertising advertise
fatherland homeland
upbeat optimistic
pressing press
vigorously sternly
foraging forage
experience experiences
invoice bill
chasing chase
view visualise
former erstwhile
shift change
try attempting
preserves conserves
backlash rebound
abduct kidnap
volition will
wonderful magnificent
betrayal treachery
events event
tokio tokyo
correct corrects
hemorrhaging bleed
responsiblity responsibilities
responsiblity responsibility
unnecessary gratuitous
grownup adult
focus spotlight
savannah savanna
powerful mighty
hence consequently
heartbreak grief
finished terminated
pyjamas pajamas
stinky smelly
products product
continuous unceasing
succeed succeeding
restricted restrained
unclear nebulous
sources origins
source origin
source origins
sources origin
anywhere nowhere
generous bountiful
release emit
receivers recipient
receiver recipient
dias diaz
famed famous
disinfect disinfection
expansion expand
neglects neglecting
neglect neglecting
renewals renewal
associations association
best well
good well
better well
unforeseen unintended
experiences experience
persian farsi
compiling compilation
imprudent rash
law act
acknowledges admits
shame pity
usual accustomed
turkic turkish
tantamount synonymous
upload download
starting start
mahmud mahmoud
dispensing dispense
delegate delegating
prohibition prohibitions
mattis mathis
finished ended
splendid illustrious
huge remarkable
bill invoice
recoveries retrieval
recovery retrieval
charting mapping
serious grave
commence commences
theo teo
coding codes
coding code
tide tidal
tides tidal
demolished destroyed
replacing replacements
replacing replacement
newer newest
count tally
responsibility accountability
anomaly abnormalities
anomaly abnormality
anomalies abnormality
anomalies abnormalities
harvesting operating
sweetheart honey
lauren loren
tremendous huge
hefty massive
old erstwhile
chapter chapters
hidden concealed
elicit obtain
defending defends
administrative management
inserts inserted
insert inserted
enhancement enhancements
flora vegetation
download upload
impressive remarkable
rejects refuses
reject refuses
rejects refuse
reject refuse
double dual
aids aid
survivor survivors
aid help
hobble impede
nominates appoints
gulf chasm
totally entirely
disclosed disclose
loosen slacken
surveillance supervisory
steps measures
steps measure
diversion deviation
handbook guides
handbook guide
lord god
realising realizing
annul cancel
gained acquired
pipe tube
expiration expire
copied copy
copied copies
origin root
splendid magnificent
amicable peaceful
deepening intensifying
offence transgression
characterization characterize
norse scandinavian
morel morrell
yep yup
slacken loosen
drift drifting
rash foolhardy
explodes explosion
tubing tubes
tubing tube
accountability responsibility
essentials key
essential key
illegal illegitimate
experience enjoy
expire expired
restoring reinstate
corruption bribery
worsening deterioration
systematic systemic
decreasing reduce
chiefly predominantly
verify verified
fridge refrigerator
intended intend
admits recognizes
well good
seminars seminar
strange odd
mackinnon mckinnon
protesting protest
rationalized streamline
mistreatment abuse
mistreatment abuses
belong belonging
transmittable infectious
mathis mattis
tube pipe
tubes pipes
tube pipes
tubes pipe
broth bouillon
strictly rigorously
offensive objectionable
formulae formula
build built
builds built
inhibit deter
visualise view
turmoil unrest
notebook notepad
quick fast
formulation devising
baloney bullshit
sane rational
exploding explosion
hepatic liver
hepatic livers
fast quick
bn bln
disarming disarmament
contented pleased
influx surge
press pressing
trafficking smuggling
virtually nigh
alternates alternatives
alternate alternative
broadened enlarged
alternate alternatives
remarkable marvelous
nonstop continuous
spotlight focus
unique single
initial incipient
aware cognizant
hampers hinder
hamper hinder
voyages trips
foul dirty
voyages trip
voyage trip
voyage trips
realizing realising
hyder haider
refusal rejection
refusals rejection
mom mummy
moms mummy
terrific marvellous
concrete specific
redress remedy
redress remedies
maniac lunatic
collaboration collaborate
yep yup
unveils uncovers
genetic genetics
surface surfacing
harmful prejudicial
sheryl cheryl
awesome splendid
cancel annulled
arrangement arrangements
duties responsibilities
duty responsibility
duty responsibilities
duties responsibility
seminar seminars
sweetened sugary
sufficiently enough
delighted enchanted
grand big
grands big
ash ashes
chooses selects
confidential secrets
confidential secret
facility installations
facility installation
facilities installation
facilities installations
injurious harmful
preventive preventative
awesome magnificent
nutrients nutritious
nutrient nutritious
act law
improper unjustified
paltry measly
wires wired
wire wired
unloading download
breathing respiratory
investigations investigation
grains grain
transforming converting
finished ended
backward retrograde
flaring flare
graduates graduating
graduate graduating
dry parched
discloses reveals
superhighway freeway
sulphide sulfide
woken awaken
help aid
helps aid
serious extreme
characterize characterization
morose bleak
moro moreau
drown drowned
folk popular
old antiquated
mckinnon mackinnon
steady stable
communication communicate
reveals discloses
liable accountable
eases eased
ease eased
hard strenuous
primarily chiefly
annoyance trouble
supervised monitored
sittings sessions
commencement initiation
victorious triumphant
everywhere anywhere
represent representing
management administrative
god lord
odd bizarre
british brits
participation attendance
romany gypsy
asinine stupid
starck stark
chuo zhuo
first frst
helpful serviceable
great super
formulation formulate
deferment adjournment
disturbance rioting
oppose opposed
treasuries exchequer
treasury exchequer
clandestine secret
clandestine secrets
coitus intercourse
minimum lowest
wrecked destroyed
stephen stephane
idea brainchild
rooted root
applauds commends
outstanding terrific
quiet silent
operating harvesting
home dwelling
bih bh
valid tenable
respiratory breathing
character nature
iraqi iraqis
outlines outline
breathe inhale
lads chaps
nature character
nora noura
discontinue cease
analysis analyze
analyses analyze
sustained sustainable
explosion exploding
goverment government
wide broad
bouillon broth
chaps lads
enterprises enterprise
definitely absolutely
search browse
escalates escalating
goodbye adieu
fine alright
hadj hajj
commended commend
treated treat
untidy disorderly
elemental elementary
curious outlandish
pesky annoying
desolation havoc
leighton leyton
kilometers km
gaia gaea
betting gambling
matched match
straight consecutive
nurses nurse
reduce lessening
faulty bad
signor signior
terrific super
library libraries
dramatically substantially
marvelous splendid
munition ammo
guardianship tutelary
fast quick
hibernate hibernating
uncovers unveils
broad wide
delegating delegate
hyphen dash
cooperation collaborative
nutritious nutrients
nutritious nutrient
emit release
evil vile
improper inconvenient
comprehensive extensive
adequately duly
mud clay
store shop
broadens extends
cacao cocoa
diminishing lessening
patronage favouritism
increase gain
rescued saved
magnitude extent
widens expands
acquired gained
dwelling house
adds add
disconnection disconnecting
overruled rejected
focused concentrated
uprising revolt
favourable conducive
lessens reduces
jest joke
accustomed usual
recovers recover
francie francy
lora laura
rena reyna
coco koko
promotes encourages
gregory grigori
significant notable
morrell morel
increased increase
catherine caterina
plaintiff complainant
convent cloister
quick fast
deaths death
understanding comprehend
deferral postponement
winning wins
winning win
practice practicing
isolation isolate
combatants fighters
browse navigate
ceiling roof
bento pinto
dangerous serious
invest invested
impudent sassy
specific concrete
obligation commitments
obligation commitment
obligations commitments
obligations commitment
harmful injurious
deduct deducting
comandante commandant
sues suing
sue suing
incorporate incorporated
frustrated disappointed
abuse mistreat
omer omar
refurbishment restoration
remarkable impressive
super awesome
daly daley
classical conventional
adult adults
remainder rest
metro underground
vastness magnitude
yearly annuals
yearly annual
sessions sittings
hygienic sanitary
rabbit bunny
earnings profits
assessment assessments
vile nefarious
root rooted
assessment valuation
photographs picture
photograph picture
photograph pictures
photographs pictures
replying answer
old ancient
antiquated old
master lord
jailed jail
concealment concealing
recognised acknowledged
ordinary mundane
crazy mad
idle idling
barry bary
pronounced noticeable
shop store
crest peak
turkish turkic
suleyman suliman
boden bodin
kept retained
farsi persian
dip fall
dip fell
lessening reduce
tidal tide
tidal tides
index forefinger
continuous steady
wonderful splendid
privatisation privatizing
lift hoisting
shade hue
entire whole
themes subjects
discount rebates
discount rebate
discounts rebates
discounts rebate
case lawsuit
alteration adjustment
christmas xmas
lunatic maniac
firmly strongly
harmless safe
tabled table
moronic stupid
tumble fall
acidic acid
erratic improper
conner connor
adore loved
adored loved
adore love
hz hertz
uncommon exceptional
lorry truck
enhances improves
liberating freeing
near close
changing modification
change modification
grain grains
crime crimes
disarmament disarming
arrangements arrangement
original initial
original initials
bothersome annoying
idling idle
executed implemented
tighten tightened
holds held
hold held
disable disabled
km kilometers
terminated finished
renaissance rebirth
mens male
silent speechless
substantially dramatically
cite cited
cognizant aware
marriages matrimony
marriage matrimony
impartial unbiased
populace public
shizuoka shizuka
famous renowned
appreciative appreciate
finish close
transference transferring
precautionary preventative
shows displays
show displays
show display
incorrect wrong
shows display
fulfil perform
reliable credible
prospects outlook
structuring structure
structuring structures
rigorously strictly
parentage origin
picturesque scenic
different differing
huge whopping
manufactures manufactured
manufacture manufactured
survivors survivor
enjoy experience
habitation home
fights combat
fight combat
wash washing
disconnecting disconnection
unnecessary redundant
burial funeral
burials funeral
burial funerals
eliza elisa
difficult knotty
aladin aladdin
unseen invisible
tributes homage
operation functioning
tribute homage
leakage leak
matrimony marry
unclear blurry
unrelenting persistent
continuous continued
notorious infamous
fighting battling
structure structuring
structures structuring
forgive pardon
forgive pardoned
forgave pardon
reasons justification
reason justification
istanbul constantinople
steam vapour
notepad notebook
repeating repetition
v vs
duration length
pinto bento
consequently hence
inaugurated opened
association associations
functioning operation
continued continuous
emphasise stressed
emphasised stressed
emphasised stress
emphasise stress
emphasised stresses
ruthless remorseless
unique exclusive
therefore thus
stories tale
story tales
stories tales
story tale
genuine true
share exchange
yun yoon
murder murdering
dependent addicted
strongly firmly
raises increase
raises increases
raise increases
raise increase
mum mama
luisa luiza
commends applauds
adapted adapt
firmness resolve
alternatives alternates
alternative alternate
alternatives alternate
copter chopper
famous famed
communicate interact
opposed oppose
weird odd
sealant sealer
halt discontinue
constants consistent
constant consistent
exploring investigate
frankie franky
stable steady
nellie nelly
checked verified
marvellous terrific
share sharing
investigation investigations
infamous notorious
vegetation flora
dopey stupid
barbarism barbarity
commends commend
despatch dispatch
didi diddy
fixation fixing
ordinances regulations
ordinance regulation
eva ewa
ordinance regulations
ordinances regulation
graduating graduates
graduating graduate
katia katya
weights weigh
weight weigh
noticeable pronounced
endangerment hazard
occupy occupied
renewal renewals
bad inclement
tribute acknowledgement
outstanding terrific
offences offense
offence offenses
offences offenses
offence offense
remiss neglectful
terry tery
marvelous extraordinary
monitored supervised
supervision supervising
talk chat
extends broadens
promotion advancement
eradicate elimination
distrust mistrust
approximately circa
notified notify
themes theme
usable useable
elementary elemental
formulated developed
brazen insolent
riddled replete
aid help
aid helps
initial original
initials original
review assessment
quang kuang
reserve reserved
daley daly
mom mummy
hibernating hibernate
change shift
particularity characteristic
splendid wonderful
stain spot
translator interpreters
translator interpreter
outline outlines
funeral burial
funeral burials
funerals burial
nichol nicol
adolescent teen
adolescents teen
timeline deadline
rumor hearsay
case cases
conventional classical
cure remedy
refrigerator fridge
shrink decrease
burning combustion
reject overrule
trip voyage
damned damn
silent quiet
unjustified improper
picture photos
pictures photos
pictures photo
picture photo
neutralize neutralise
direct directing
obtain elicit
outline expound
mismatched mismatch
glasses eyeglasses
gaze look
unsurpassed unmatched
drawback weakness
howdy hi
differences divergence
difference divergence
gauge gage
expedited accelerate
extended broadened
crazy insane
sabotage sabotaged
converge converging
papa daddy
primarily principally
worldly secular
expound outline
aladdin aladin
ancient old
annulled cancel
cycling cycles
cycling cycle
accompanies accompanied
vile evil
branch offshoot
cosmonaut astronaut
zero nil
native indigenous
participation attendance
highlight underline
debbie debi
indefinite undefined
installations facility
installation facility
installation facilities
installations facilities
origin root
innovations innovation
continual continuing
predominantly chiefly
womb utero
propagated propagate
hearsay rumor
stupid asinine
favouritism patronage
underline underlined
reduces lessens
extraordinary uncommon
outset first
cute adorable
encourages promotes
sufficiently enough
detect identify
supreme supremo
bary barry
mummy mama
clay mud
acknowledged recognised
foul filthy
coastal inshore
liaise communicating
liaise communicate
spend expenditure
chop cut
chop cutting
limiting restrict
converting transforming
focusing concentrating
seriously conscientiously
merchandise commodity
merchandise commodities
associations association
recover recovers
adult grownup
neutralise neutralize
uck kla
reverse invert
applicants applicant
freeway superhighway
splendid marvelous
fall dip
fell dip
reclaim recover
limiting limited
vendors salesperson
vendor salesperson
start starting
key crucial
finish complete
elapsed past
cocoa cacao
forced forcible
adults adult
loved adore
loved adored
love adore
retrieve recoup
shops stores
shop store
shop stores
shops store
insane crazy
altered amended
whole entire
attendance involvement
shut close
speedily rapid
moreau moro
carthage cartago
replete riddled
death deaths
uprising rebellion
till until
recap summary
wrangling wrangle
dismissal sacking
close near
concentrated focused
daddy papa
illegitimate illegal
replacements replacing
replacement replacing
pardon forgive
pardoned forgive
pardon forgave
absolutely definitely
dramatically significantly
analyses assessment
analyses assessments
analysis assessments
analysis assessment
colored coloured
shaun shawn
intercourse coitus
shizuka shizuoka
advancement promotion
attainment realization
icebox fridge
franky frankie
eliminated eliminate
carnivores carnivorous
carnivore carnivorous
elisa eliza
spot stain
alright ok
tabled submitted
policemen policeman
midget dwarf
transitional transitory
sexy hot
freelance independent
decent presentable
yon yeon
terrific fantastic
matrimony wedlock
bebe babe
zero nil
verified checked
outright unmitigated
nil zero
villain scoundrel
converging converge
retarded backward
pipe tube
pipes tubes
pipes tube
pipe tubes
timeline timetable
unprecedented unmatched
concentrating focusing
initiate initiated
dead deceased
clever intelligent
works collaborates
urging urge
ow ouch
loony insane
concealed hidden
splendid awesome
barbarity barbarism
rebellion uprising
language linguistic
subsequently afterwards
terrific excellent
association associations
shard fragment
committed commit
ashes ash
background context
supports help
charge indict
support help
supporting helps
support helps
supports helps
forgive forgiven
stores shops
store shop
stores shop
store shops
bleak morose
combined merged
everyone everybody
credible reliable
below underneath
awesome super
nonsense bullshit
settles settling
settle settling
cancel rescind
centered center
filthy soiled
deletion delete
strict austere
commandant comandante
meagre limited
persian farsi
expanding broaden
connor conner
treat treated
essential necessary
theme themes
utero womb
other alternative
analyzing analysis
counsel counselling
counsels counselling
underline highlight
inconvenient improper
remove eliminate
neglectful remiss
bullshit baloney
official servant
cohen cohan
institution establishment
describe describes
bullshit nonsense
bullshit nonsense
accelerate expedited
eaten eat
around approx
dwarf midget
trusted trustworthy
investigate exploring
exclusive unique
merge combine
encode encrypt
treat treated
interpreters translator
interpreter translator
highest maximum
movable mobile
clarifying clarify
mariner seamen
mariner seaman
odor smell
blackmailing blackmail
hot sexy
whosoever whoever
stupid moronic
topographical topography
phrasing wording
necessary essential
honey sweetie
serene peaceful
applicant applicants
escalating escalates
wedlock matrimony
tempting alluring
subjects themes
outshine surpass
establishment institution
well good
wholly entirely
reductions lowering
reduction lowering
insurrection rebel
entirely totally
valid good
chopper copter
vetting assessment
deadline timeline
unnerving upsetting
remarkable huge
honey sweetie
perl pearl
accompanied accompanies
academic academics
unchanged immutable
events event
innovation innovations
good advantageous
armament weaponry
armaments weaponry
dyke dam
fishery fisheries
many myriad
mistake wrong
evaluated assessment
pecuniary money
weaponry armament
commitments obligation
weaponry armaments
commitment obligation
commitments obligations
commitment obligations
annoying bothersome
magnificent awesome
reaffirm reiterate
vibrant spirited
below underneath
cartago carthage
aisle passageway
disclose disclosed
attendance involvement
attendance involvements
close finish
shows exhibitions
shows exhibition
show exhibitions
show exhibition
capitaine captain
noura nora
maximum highest
profits earnings
complete finish
pretence pretension
computations calculations
mum mamma
everybody everyone
kind sort
continuous perpetual
repetition repeating
fall tumble
describes describe
respiration breathe
supported helped
support help
supported help
support helping
support helped
cleansing cleansed
settling settles
settling settle
expeditiously swift
elderly aged
postponement deferral
stacked stack
happy contented
adjournment deferment
painkiller analgesic
yoon yun
huge yawning
consistent constants
consistent constant
easement servitude
recipient receivers
recipient receiver
gambling betting
amended altered
awaken woken
facsimile fax
vs v
god lord
franco franko
defect weakness
chore task
myriam miriam
worldwide global
assessment assessed
sugary sweetened
customized customize
suppressing suppress
reproduce reproducing
dominance ascendancy
sort kind
disappointed frustrated
babe bebe
eyepiece ocular
negro nigger
crazed insane
nagi naji
protest protesting
cases case
authentic genuine
embedded integrated
seamen mariner
seaman mariner
linguistic language
bln billion
bln billions
insulating insulation
dispensable unnecessary
evolving evolve
fall dip
carnivorous carnivores
carnivorous carnivore
blinking blink
kla uck
reyna rena
event events
vocal outspoken
bore boring
producer manufacturers
producers manufacturer
producer manufacturer
producers manufacturers
hinge hinged
describe outline
filthy foul
hazardous dangerous
shawn shaun
demonstration manifestations
demonstration manifestation
demonstrations manifestations
conventional classical
commissar commissioners
commissar commissioner
think thought
thinks thought
look gaze
destroys destroy
iraqis iraqi
aviation aeronautics
sweetie honey
unhealthy bad
cruelty harshness
context background
recover reclaim
influx outflow
hot scorching
perilous hazardous
match matched
councils advice
navigate browse
improper unfit
constantinople istanbul
manual handbook
empathy sympathetic
examine scrutinize
good best
noxious injurious
fabulous fantastic
prolonging lengthening
officiating refereeing
safe harmless
electrical electric
refereeing officiating
waking wake
banding bands
banding band
madman crazy
madmen crazy
fridge icebox
summary synopsis
summaries synopsis
comfortable comfy
analgesic painkiller
uncovers reveals
omar omer
quote quoting
quotes quoting
stark starck
positive propitious
home abode
mobile movable
involved involvement
suicide suicidal
barbecue bbq
assessment evaluated
trustworthy trusted
nub essence
tight close
churches ecclesiastical
church ecclesiastical
identify detect
slack lax
divorcing divorce
various several
fantastic magnificent
formation creation
unrest disturbance
unrest disturbances
prisoner prisoners
tasty yummy
genuine authentic
jail jailed
outflow influx
significantly dramatically
fence fencing
fences fencing
sustainable sustained
smell odor
invisible unseen
impacting influencing
add adds
kms kilometres
nil zero
first outset
disorderly untidy
highest maximum
repositioning reposition
die died
ocular eyepiece
dies died
sharing share
bodin boden
destruction destroy
grand splendid
negative unfavourable
mickey mickie
tune tuning
hide hidden
hides hidden
limited meagre
suing sues
suing sue
negro black
essential necessary
regretfully alas
expands widens
expire expiry
deadline timeframe
deadlines timeframe
reiterate reaffirm
manufacturers producer
manufacturer producers
manufacturer producer
manufacturers producers
puke vomit
unfavorable harmful
revival resurgence
resolve firmness
wet moist
differing different
combat fights
combat fight
dumping dump
improper erratic
intend intended
drowned drown
errors error
offensive hurtful
vulnerable defenseless
nonsense bullshit
goal objectives
destroy destroys
veronika veronica
outline describe
scorn contempt
agenda agendas
sheri cherie
origin parentage
cogent convincing
km kilometres
km kilometre
scoundrel villain
dangerous hazardous
involvement attendance
laura lora
eveything everything
photos photographs
adverse unfavourable
swift expeditious
commit committed
underneath below
nicol nichol
bygone past
gorgeous splendid
foolhardy rash
advances headway
advance headway
fulfillment fulfilment
eat eaten
complainant plaintiff
holistic comprehensive
renovations restoration
renovation restoration
shepard shephard
realization attainment
manifestations demonstration
manifestation demonstration
manifestations demonstrations
elder senior
fdr roosevelt
pseudo fake
unable impossible
deceptive misleading
rescind cancel
necessary essential
adaptable flexible
sweetie honey
review inspect
rumour hearsay
favorites preferred
favorite preferred
recognizes admits
fragrant aromatic
dad papa
help aid
magnificent fantastic
howdy hello
ms mrs
remembrance keepsake
reconfirm reaffirm
reconfirm reaffirmed
delicate touchy
aromatic fragrant
timeframe deadline
timeframe deadlines
howdy hi
phong fong
leak leakage
puzzle riddle
adolescent teenage
lord god
remember reminisce
shape shaping
seldom rarely
mama mum
angry infuriated
cycles cycling
cycle cycling
arts humanities
execute conduct
nefarious vile
stop ceasing
reject disbelieve
scum froth
big grand
big grands
rejected overruled
unveils discloses
mistrust distrust
grigori gregory
difficult rugged
math mathematics
famed renowned
flawed improper
kg kilo
joke jest
blink blinking
lord lawd
persistent unrelenting
exchange share
licensed authorised
measures steps
measure steps
dispatch despatch
giant colossus
involvement attendance
involvements attendance
several various
prejudicial harmful
appraising assessment
wording formulation
mummy mommy
approximately circa
minor underaged
noxious prejudicial
visualize view
possession ownership
mcpherson macpherson
gravity seriousness
pioneers trailblazer
pioneer trailblazer
unstrap unhook
reproducing reproduce
finish close
extraordinary marvelous
shade nuance
rapid speedily
justification reasons
justification reason
until till
insulation insulating
home household
homes household
homes households
home households
preventive protective
salesperson vendors
salesperson vendor
handbook manual
anesthetic anaesthetic
expulsion expelling
insane crazy
overseeing monitor
ultra super
showcasing display
ellison allison
pensive thoughtful
rebel insurrection
unjust unfair
unfair unjust
voyage trip
fencing fence
fencing fences
unique incomparable
formation establishment
error errors
picture photographs
picture photograph
pictures photograph
pictures photographs
acid acidic
destroys devastates
devastates destroys
punctually timely
lubrication lubricating
exams examinations
answer replying
only solely
inspect review
insolent brazen
teatro theater
franko franco
upgrade modernized
encrypt encode
summary recap
protective preventive
unpacked unpack
series serial
series serials
creation formation
falsification counterfeiting
idle inactive
bird fowl
ownership possession
aware conscious
swift expeditiously
gari garry
dipped fell
dip fell
dipped fall
dip fall
dips fall
dips fell
rejects dismiss
reject dismiss
combine merge
collective collectivity
examine investigate
isaac isak
bizarre odd
commencing start
endangerment jeopardy
rebel insurgents
rebel insurgent
rebels insurgent
rebels insurgents
citation quotations
citation quotation
citations quotations
apprehending apprehend
sulfur sulphur
speeding speed
donau danube
colossus giant
increase increased
dross slag
optimistic upbeat
adapt adapted
fantastic terrific
laud praise
infuriated angry
dangers jeopardy
danger jeopardy
notional theoretical
focuses concentrates
focus concentrates
focus concentrate
marked mark
lubricating lubrication
obvious evident
outlandish curious
precedence priorities
fuck fucking
reasons grounds
reason grounds
collaborating cooperation
retained kept
sent dispatched
whoever whosoever
restoration renovations
restoration renovation
parched dry
influencing impacting
displays shows
displays show
display show
display shows
mahmoud mahmud
analytic analysis
plucky courageous
monroe munroe
sacking dismissal
amman aman
packing pack
dam dyke
fake phony
reasons reason
precisely exactly
reloading reload
compile compilation
praise laud
client customer
formula formulae
hertz hz
outspoken vocal
nasty dirty
primarily essentially
start commence
starts commence
merry happy
damn damned
rarely seldom
wording phrasing
harmful hazardous
adorable cute
retaining retain
essentially primarily
unmatched unsurpassed
unfavourable adverse
phraseology formulation
indubitably doubtless
rejection refusal
rejection refusals
odour smell
black negro
dimitri dmitri
decline reduction
communicating liaise
communicate liaise
backward retarded
fly flies
well good
evident obvious
disinfection disinfect
boring bore
magnitude vastness
regulations ordinances
regulation ordinance
regulations ordinance
regulation ordinances
divorce divorcing
dike dyke
immediately forthwith
captain capitaine
analysis analyzing
alteration change
alteration changes
alterations changes
alterations change
engaged involved
scrutinize examine
integrated embedded
flee escape
expiry expire
hearsay rumour
papa dad
synopsis summary
synopsis summaries
melt molten
saved rescued
instantaneous instant
amazing fantastic
firm steady
katya katia
jailed detained
adviser consultant
starting initiated
start initiate
started initiate
start initiated
started initiated
starts initiated
stance position
flexible adaptable
tumble fall
disbelieve reject
eliminate remove
dyke dike
expelling expulsion
fully entirely
promptly immediately
religion religions
kill kills
accepts accept
unfavourable negative
confesses recognizes
bands banding
band banding
trailblazer pioneers
trailblazer pioneer
quoting quote
quoting quotes
adapting adapt
peaceful amicable
home habitation
transferring transference
bln bn
propagate propagated
permitting allowing
shut close
humble unassuming
revival reconstitution
councillor adviser
peaceful peacefulness
cooperate collaboration
bounded limited
unsecured insecure
translated translate
mummy mom
acknowledgement tribute
about approx
injurious noxious
stressed emphasise
stressed emphasised
stress emphasised
stress emphasise
stresses emphasised
pal buddy
undermine jeopardize
deceased dead
vomit puke
dennis denys
willy willie
exactly precisely
aleksandar aleksander
adieu goodbye
nub heart
treated processed
proposition proposal
assessment analyses
assessments analyses
assessments analysis
assessment analysis
doubtless indubitably
enhancements enhancement
disinfecting disinfect
anaesthetic anesthetic
knit knitted
religions religion
formulation wording
attempting try
insane crazed
excellent terrific
elucidate clarification
behavior deportment
across throughout
characteristic particularity
upsetting unnerving
phony fake
many numerous
someplace somewhere
look gaze
weigh weights
weigh weight
mobilizing mobilisation
earth terrestrial
nigger negro
kg kilogram
refuges sanctuaries
avoiding avoid
recede decrease
gap variance
assessment evaluations
focus concentrate
preserve preserves
assessments estimation
assessment estimation
crucial key
restoration refurbishment
deactivation disabling
acknowledge recognized
naji nagi
erroneous incorrect
work collaborate
working collaborate
working collaborating
work collaborating
policed controlled
censored censor
crazy madman
crazy madmen
stupid dopey
smell odour
teheran tehran
fucking fuck
focus spotlight
photograph photo
mobilizing mobilize
allowing permitting
toilet crapper
destroyed wrecked
terrestrial earth
fragment shard
improper flawed
hidden hide
hidden hides
fell tumble
fall tumble
processed treated
ok okay
dominick dominique
chalkboard blackboard
trustful trusting
clarify clarifying
enables enable
serial series
serials series
investigate investigating
switching switchover
hazardous harmful
held holds
held hold
emphasize highlight
defamation calumny
reveals uncovers
employing employ
superb excellent
header heading
commodity merchandise
commodities merchandise
monies funds
trusting trustful
kilo kg
imagining imagine
mommy mummy
underground metro
constabulary police
splendid gorgeous
wrong improper
gain obtain
implemented executed
investigate examine
useable serviceable
view visualize
pal buddy
emergent emerging
quiet silent
riccardo ricardo
nuance shade
behaviour demeanor
chiefly principally
employee personnel
transporting transport
pack packing
marine seafaring
foundation grounding
recommended recommend
disabling deactivation
final definitive
massive hefty
incongruous improper
mollusc shellfish
adviser councillor
responsibilities duties
responsibility duty
responsibilities duty
responsibility duties
disturbance unrest
disturbances unrest
brok brock
aleksander aleksandar
tough difficult
good well
scandinavian norse
decrease shrink
inverted reversed
veterinarian veterinary
splits divide
split divide
splits divides
underneath below
alter modify
remedy cure
unnecessary dispensable
prescribes establishes
emphasise underline
timetable timeline
pearl perl
source fount
mcewan mcewen
babe honey
centred focused
reason reasons
consecutive straight
wake waking
dreary depressing
primary elementary
primaries elementary
divergence differences
divergence difference
takings proceeds
koreas rok
korea rok
compromised compromise
somewhere someplace
accountable liable
okay ok
incomparable unique
endangered jeopardized
solely only
hog pigs
hog pig
hogs pig
hogs pigs
transient transitional
grow grew
limitless boundless
highlight emphasize
increase raises
increases raises
increases raise
increase raise
deaths death
elementary primary
elementary primaries
find found
finds found
extensive comprehensive
aromatic fragrant
trouble annoyance
stealing steal
experience enjoy
undoubtedly definitely
looting plunder
overkill exaggerated
died die
died dies
blackmail blackmailing
moist wet
mercy misericordia
smarter smart
synthesize synthesizing
ralph ralf
probed investigated
legwork fieldwork
pick take
pick took
crapper toilet
until till
mad crazed
development developments
guy bloke
funds monies
splendid grand
ass backside
change alteration
changes alteration
changes alterations
change alterations
meier meyer
physical bodily
slag dross
minimum lowest
priorities precedence
dany dani
personnel employee
herz hertz
false wrong
grams g
kills kill
louie louis
definitely undoubtedly
preacher orator
single unique
super wonderful
use utilization
consuming consumption
jeopardized endangered
dirty nasty
crimes crime
switchover switching
inception creation
auto motorcar
plunder looting
misleading deceptive
position stance
quotations citation
quotation citation
quotations citations
activity activities
incorrect erroneous
creation inception
aeronautics aviation
jeopardize undermine
black negro
implicit unspoken
done accomplished
ashley ashlee
franky frankie
unneeded redundant
consultant adviser
tolerable acceptable
g gram
grower producer
growers producers
grower producers
growers producer
instant immediate
bln bn
pleased contented
super wonderful
deleted delete
signatures signature
wants wanna
want wanna
refinement refining
dismiss rejects
dismiss reject
ardour zeal
knitted knit
disability handicaps
disability handicap
disabilities handicap
disabilities handicaps
string chain
wins won
win won
honey sweetie
reservations reservation
wrangle wrangling
harmful unfavorable
fredrick fredrik
awesome splendid
dirty foul
vulnerable weak
aeroplanes aircraft
timely punctually
forecasted projected
kuang quang
fantastic fabulous
involved engaged
reclaim recapture
tuning tune
dmitri dimitri
indigenous native
smuggled contraband
jeopardy dangers
jeopardy danger
electric electrical
lunch dinners
lunch dinner
lunches dinners
lunches dinner
howdy hello
childlike childish
resulting result
reduction decline
complicate complex
unknown indeterminate
closure shutdown
closures shutdown
jeopardy endangerment
break intermission
tuning adjusting
upland highland
eastern oriental
steady firm
capacitor condenser
represented represent
prudent careful
racial racist
praise extol
ouch ow
dirty filthy
thought think
thought thinks
initials preliminary
initial preliminary
assessment review
promptly rapidly
discontinue halt
super ultra
ralf ralph
kidnap abducted
protecting protect
entirely wholly
enlarged broadened
hello howdy
nice splendid
synthesizing synthesize
jesse jessy
artist performers
artists performer
artist performer
tryout audition
artists performers
fell dipped
fell dip
fall dipped
fall dip
fall dips
fell dips
eliminate eliminated
conversation talking
quick speedy
prisoners prisoner
maths mathematical
crazed mad
misguided improper
referencing reference
referencing references
preferred favorites
preferred favorite
conduct execute
plug stopper
customer client
handicaps disability
handicap disability
handicap disabilities
handicaps disabilities
judgment judgement
servitude easement
modernized upgrade
intelligent clever
homecoming return
revenues earnings
revenue earnings
progression advancements
progression advancement
modify alter
stack stacked
developed formulated
hyun hyeon
honey sweetie
impossible unable
fleece wool
luiza louisa
conscious aware
merge combine
ruin rubble
tensed strained
influence impact
riddle puzzle
imagine imagining
analytic analysis
analytic analyses
pretension pretence
mean meaning
initiated starting
initiate start
initiate started
initiated start
initiated started
initiated starts
shanon shannon
denys dennis
livorno valladolid
timelines timeframe
timeline timeframe
enhancing boosting
theoretical notional
shaping shape
joint collective
expeditious swift
tumble fell
tumble fall
insurgents rebel
insurgent rebel
insurgent rebels
insurgents rebels
protests demonstrations
protest demonstration
protests demonstration
protest demonstrations
good valid
skills proficiency
skill proficiency
speed speeding
close shut
veterinary veterinarian
vapour steam
tables table
custody detainment
realm domains
realm domain
realms domains
realms domain
trapping traps
trapping trap
detainment custody
mama mummy
enhancement enhancements
dine dining
wrong false
finest best
intentional wilful
earnings revenues
earnings revenue
escape flee
improper misguided
suppress suppresses
renowned famous
ha has
transient transitory
yummy tasty
spotlight focus
present extant
mergers fusion
merger fusion
haider hyder
divided divide
subsequent later
accommodation lodgings
accommodations lodgings
towards toward
zhuo chuo
mismatch mismatched
unlawful illicit
brock brok
improper wrong
crazy insane
faraway distant
conclusion conclusions
linked connected
expenditure spend
resurgence revival
licensed authorized
greasy fat
mitigation reduction
mitigation reductions
especial particular
heartrending heartbreaking
close shut
judgement judgment
meaning mean
psychoactive psychotropic
male masculine
huge extreme
contamination pollution
found find
found finds
purpose objective
broad extensive
reviews assessment
reviews assessments
review assessment
review assessments
signature signatures
lodgings accommodation
lodgings accommodations
dinners lunch
dinner lunch
dinners lunches
dinner lunches
refining refinement
forget forgotten
differentiates distinguishes
rino reno
cooperate collaboration
transitory transient
instant instantaneous
serenity tranquility
hazard endangerment
anybody somebody
mcewen mcewan
acknowledges recognized
chain string
consonant consistent
visualize display
bloke guy
yawning huge
collaborates works
household home
household homes
households homes
households home
repeated recurrent
heartbreaking heartrending
willie willy
photo photograph
ricardo riccardo
dining dine
urge urging
shutdown closure
shutdown closures
incomes income
wary cautious
fredrik fredrick
calculations computations
immediately promptly
distinguishes differentiates
broadened extended
salutary healthful
vicinity near
boy boys
flies fly
reduce decreasing
hike raising
hike raise
independant independent
multiple several
endorse endorses
transitory temporary
sung sing
subterranean underground
adolescents teenager
adolescents teenagers
adolescent teenager
adolescent teenagers
zeal ardour
upbringing education
multinational transnational
good goods
reconstitution revival
cut chop
cutting chop
fantastic amazing
attendance presence
possible doable
whispering whisper
tasty palatable
insecure unsecured
walter walther
walters walther
steal stealing
molten melt
persists continues
isak isaac
east eastward
solved resolve
continues persists
tomb grave
adjustment alteration
employ employing
customize customized
changed altered
blok block
recommend recommended
blackboard chalkboard
save savings
free extricate
adapt adapting
mercantile commercial
examined examine
social sociable
childish childlike
conclusions conclusion
boundless limitless
harsh extreme
alright fine
strongly resolutely
convincing cogent
establishes prescribes
excess surpluses
excess surplus
drown drowned
regenerating regeneration
authorised licensed
equivocal questionable
impound confiscate
done finished
contempt scorn
spreading dissemination
billion bln
billions bln
best finest
fine alright
super terrific
mark marked
impede hinders
reposition repositioning
roosevelt fdr
timeframe timetable
projected forecasted
recapture reclaim
death deaths
super concierge
illicit unlawful
advisor adviser
preferred preferential
option options
house dwelling
enables enable
elimination eradicate
humanities arts
incorporating incorporate
maximum highest
fatherhood paternity
groundbreaking innovative
motivating motivated
government goverment
vented vent
reload reloading
uphold safeguard
pay salaries
pay salary
advisor councillor
resolutions resolution
inactive idle
domains realm
domain realm
domains realms
domain realms
focused centred
meyer meier
orator preacher
photographed photograph
overruled rejected
rolling roll
retain retaining
rapidly promptly
jessy jesse
overall generals
overall general
veronica veronika
minor limited
mobiles moveable
mobile moveable
sold sell
won wins
won win
pardon amnesty
pardons amnesty
unfit unsuitable
deported deporting
photographs photos
analyze analyzing
involvement involved
wizard magician
suppresses suppress
combine merge
previous earlier
weakness defect
abduction kidnap
abductions kidnap
eastward east
luca luka
income incomes
naming designation
munroe monroe
improvement betterment
improvements betterment
mature ripen
principally chiefly
inverse reverse
accepted recognized
hello howdy
extricate free
valladolid livorno
edict decree
bobbie bobby
apportioned distributed
unpack unpacked
somebody anybody
awesome fantastic
emerging emergent
behold see
near vicinity
protect protecting
browse navigate
inserts insert
work collaborate
good well
assessment vetting
mar mars
abdul abdel
frankie franky
shellfish mollusc
police constabulary
impact influence
apprehend apprehending
seriousness gravity
regardless irrespective
ratings assessments
rating assessments
ratings assessment
rating assessment
alright fine
insane loony
fighting countering
entirely fully
huge gargantuan
picker selector
dampness moisture
negro black
confesses acknowledges
rubble ruin
communicate communication
communicated communication
bad rotten
weakness drawback
definitive final
headset earphone
ally allied
translate translated
timeframe timelines
timeframe timeline
performers artist
performer artists
performer artist
performers artists
serviceable useable
responses response
brawn muscle
institutions establishments
transnational multinational
institutions establishment
institution establishment
institution establishments
traps trapping
trap trapping
intermission break
commonly generally
sweetie honey
mummy mama
garry gari
earlier previous
task chore
classic typical
start commencement
found discovered
topple overthrow
commend commends
discloses unveils
awesome remarkable
continuous nonstop
specter ghost
controlled policed
abdel abdul
collaborate work
collaborate working
collaborating working
collaborating work
hibernating hibernate
lax slack
proposal proposition
enthusiastic ebullient
independent freelance
boys boy
barrera barrier
approx about
dear honey
glowing splendid
hibernate hibernating
numerous many
main principal
result resulting
sell sold
kidnaped abducted
fortified barricaded
luckily thankfully
racist racial
response responses
finished done
preliminary initials
preliminary initial
colorful splendid
discharged discharge
extensive broad
disinfect disinfecting
chari shari
analysis analytic
info information
crucial important
administer administers
motivated motivating
hertz herz
skilled specialised
mondo mundo
pick take
pick takes
pick took
pick taking
analysis analytic
analyses analytic
avoid avoiding
sing sung
borrowing lending
overall total
extinction extinguishing
repeal revoking
advice councils
acceptable tolerable
forgotten forget
synopsis summary
detectors sensor
detector sensor
detector sensors
spotless immaculate
betterment improvement
betterment improvements
shultz schulz
authorized licensed
silent quiet
suspension hiatus
wool fleece
arranged organized
docks wharf
dock wharf
checked check
angry furious
sanctuaries refuges
spheres areas
connected linked
spheres area
sphere area
sphere areas
yeon yon
revoking repeal
reduction mitigation
reductions mitigation
improper incorrect
reference referencing
references referencing
options option
misconstrue misinterpret
administers administer
braces prepares
detach separate
publications publication
sulphur sulfur
masculine male
paternity fatherhood
macau macao
engel engle
careful prudent
saison season
buddy pal
variance gap
perform fulfil
louis louie
divide splits
divide split
divides splits
bosom breast
obtain gain
suppress suppressing
deceit deception
condenser capacitor
god lord
gods lord
go disappear
potent powerful
concentrates focuses
concentrates focus
concentrate focus
fat greasy
mapping charting
crazed mad
conduct deportment
sweetie honey
rapidly expeditiously
allied ally
kiosk booth
kiosk booths
countering fighting
constraint restraints
constraints restraints
constraint restraint
constraints restraint
passageway aisle
codes coding
throughout across
code coding
lord master
presence attendance
fusion mergers
fusion merger
censor censored
barricaded fortified
fatty greasy
lesser minor
lord god
lord gods
unemployment jobless
deporting deportation
depletion destruction
hazardous perilous
nikolay nicolai
has ha
monitored supervise
insert inserts
fieldwork legwork
helpful beneficial
exceptional uncommon
huge massive
joseph jozef
buddy pal
using employing
wrong mistake
subsidy subsidies
smart smarter
micky miki
deteriorates deterioration
deportation deporting
mourn mourning
timetable timeframe
supervise monitored
demonstrations protests
demonstration protest
demonstration protests
demonstrations protest
pipes piping
pipe piping
encounters confrontation
encounter confrontation
encounters confrontations
resettle resettled
repugnant disgusting
mars mar
miss mademoiselle
initiate launch
initiates launches
initiate launches
initiates launch
safe secure
greasy fatty
haj hadj
magician wizard
preferential preferred
check checked
verbally orally
table tabled
analogous like
questionable equivocal
assessment reviews
assessments reviews
assessment review
assessments review
detained jailed
bind link
splendid marvellous
bully intimidate
aim aiming
publication publications
conclusive definitive
resolution resolutions
reduce lessen
define defining
photographing photography
extraordinaire extraordinary
heading header
crap bullshit
recognized accepted
resettled resettle
concepts concept
deleted deletion
hard tough
collaborate cooperation
capturing capture
upgrades modernize
upgrade modernize
councillor advisor
disgusting repugnant
manifested manifest
core nucleus
core nuclei
cores nuclei
concentrate focus
shaky unsteady
establishment formation
dumped dump
avert avoid
endorses endorse
below underneath
swift rapids
swift rapid
restrict limiting
close finish
collective joint
trip voyage
deception deceit
comprehensive extensive
audition tryout
resolutely strongly
viable workable
origin source
origins sources
origins source
origin sources
prehistory prehistoric
interrupt discontinue
spanner wrench
distributed apportioned
capture capturing
monitor supervises
monitors supervises
easy effortless
easier effortless
filthy dirty
itzhak isaac
improper inadequate
appearing appear
plug stopper
goods commodities
lowered reduced
analyzing analyze
sunset sundown
irrespective regardless
aussie australian
portions part
portion part
colleges university
colleges universities
college university
college universities
honey dear
alien exotic
lovely splendid
mamma mum
deterioration deteriorates
ghost specter
fantastic awesome
override overriding
shari chari
mob rabble
proposition proposal
source origin
sources origins
source origins
sources origin
mln million
mln millions
reversed inverted
exotic alien
underneath below
stopper plug
establishments institutions
establishment institutions
establishment institution
establishments institution
gratitude thanks
tag tagging
punishes punish
generally commonly
surety guarantor
deporting deported
sensor detectors
sensor detector
sensors detector
continuance continuation
aiming aim
suspicious questionable
redundant unneeded
incorrect improper
nearing approaching
surpluses excess
surplus excess
palatable tasty
immaculate spotless
exaggerated overkill
unanimous unanimity
creation establishment
fisheries fishery
cocky conceited
neighbor neighbour
rises surges
rises surge
rise surges
rise surge
weeding weed
lessen reduce
backside ass
weenie wiener
keepers custodians
keeper custodian
keepers custodian
scorching hot
alright good
creed credo
widened expanded
scrutiny examination
scrutiny examinations
restraints constraint
restraints constraints
restraint constraint
restraint constraints
centre center
centre centers
centres centers
centres center
independent independant
spooky frightful
wonderful super
looting pillage
supporting support
supporting supports
expel expulsion
ultrasound ultrasonic
steady continuous
extreme harsh
surges rises
surge rises
surges rise
surge rise
denomination designation
facility facilities
cluster group
stalled stall
rejected overruled
several multiple
pillage looting
basics fundamentals
failing weakness
hinders impede
center centered
helped support
help support
helped supported
help supported
wonderful super
harnessing harness
captain skipper
captains skipper
advice counseling
deficiencies inadequacy
deficiency inadequacy
forthwith immediately
propitious favourable
exclusive unique
evaluations assessment
barrier barrera
supervised supervise
adjourned adjourn
impound seize
roll rolling
behaviour deportment
advertisements ads
miriam myriam
producer grower
producers growers
producers grower
producer growers
defining define
marvellous splendid
excludes exclude
slice cutting
slice cut
important crucial
related connected
unhook unstrap
umpire arbitrator
ammunition munitions
enjoy experience
build constructing
builds constructing
macpherson mcpherson
misinterpret misconstrue
thankfully luckily
retrieve recovering
contiguous adjoining
tehran teheran
louisa luiza
next upcoming
unsteady shaky
jabbar gabbar
elegantly neatly
definitive conclusive
enable enables
tranquility serenity
nasty filthy
maximal maximum
specifically particularly
splendid awesome
unified united
check inspect
checks inspect
claptrap nonsense
moisture dampness
objective purpose
fall fell
proficiency skills
proficiency skill
whisper whispering
merchandise commodities
solves solve
unmanageable uncontrollable
inappropriate unsuitable
counseling advice
nicolai nikolay
next upcoming
glaring conspicuous
charmed enchanted
broadened expand
nearing near
honey babe
represent represented
transitional transient
reduces reduce
evolution developments
choice choose
aged elderly
evolution development
specialised skilled
remorse compunction
unpacking unpack
communication communicate
communication communicated
miro mero
mode methods
modes methods
modes method
mode method
fully completely
recurrent repeated
colonist settler
browse search
uncontrollable unmanageable
thwarted thwart
lending borrowing
nigh near
dani dany
examine examined
annul cancel
distress hardship
fake pseudo
hebrew jewish
flop collapse
splendid exemplary
dishonest fraudulent
mega super
overriding override
credo creed
season saison
overcome overcoming
commodities merchandise
manufactures manufacture
man men
popular folk
terrific super
preferred favourite
outward external
earphone headset
exhibitions shows
exhibition shows
exhibitions show
exhibition show
leak leaking
auditor auditors
rise rebound
cutting slice
cut slice
hq headquarter
great terrific
reverse inverse
accomplished done
exclude excludes
tough hard
display visualize
organized arranged
brine saltwater
abducted kidnap
extreme huge
clustered cluster
leaking leak
principally primarily
vs v
orifice hole
precious invaluable
unsafe dangerous
indeterminate unknown
adjusting tuning
table tables
near nearing
difficult tough
typical classic
grounds reasons
grounds reason
accept accepts
bathroom washroom
attendance involvement
settler colonist
launch initiate
launches initiates
launches initiate
launch initiates
intent purposes
intent purpose
grave tomb
hole orifice
review assessment
plating plates
plating plate
note noting
unplanned unforeseen
chatter talk
protective protecting
contraband smuggled
agrarian rural
recognizes confesses
questionable suspicious
aged elderly
delete deleted
part portions
part portion
path way
paths way
piping pipes
piping pipe
allison ellison
tagging tag
splendid nice
excellence excellent
ventilating ventilated
skipper captain
skipper captains
wiener weenie
thanks thank
prehistoric prehistory
then subsequently
destruction depletion
thorough comprehensive
goodbye adieu
community communities
destroy destruction
avoiding avoid
happy merry
father fathers
allegiance loyalty
mundo mondo
toilet bathroom
fraudulent dishonest
thoughtful pensive
yummy tasty
gay homosexual
stall stalled
concierge super
primarily principally
mistake wrong
adjoining contiguous
guide handbook
dump dumped
fell fall
gratitude acknowledgement
concept concepts
loyalty allegiance
eligible qualified
tasty yummy
divide divided
unpardonable unforgivable
crewman sailor
crewmen sailor
speedy quick
charting chart
choose choice
financed finance
center centre
centers centre
centers centres
center centres
continuing continual
mathematics math
baum boum
meddling interfering
thanks gratitude
exemplary splendid
unique single
enjoy experience
commence start
commence starts
designation denomination
underprivileged disadvantaged
caps chaps
cap chap
cap chaps
caps chap
undoubtedly certainly
muscle brawn
heart nub
filthy unclean
sadness sorrow
vent vented
odd bizarre
danube donau
engle engel
eastern east
concrete practical
unanticipated unexpected
cancel annul
inexpressible indescribable
learn learning
quickly promptly
gabbar jabbar
supportive supporting
east eastern
support supporting
supports supporting
best good
summary synopsis
commercial mercantile
good best
tougher stricter
protecting protective
endorse endorsed
idiotic nonsensical
group cluster
examinations exams
mobilisation mobilization
locked lock
unexpected unanticipated
learning learn
schulz shultz
pupil student
pupils students
pupil students
pupils student
minor small
settle finalize
shannon shanon
newest new
peril risk
perils risks
perils risk
auditors auditor
investigating investigate
around approx
inadequacy deficiencies
inadequacy deficiency
organized organize
highlight emphasize
highlights emphasizes
highlights emphasize
highlight emphasizes
wharf docks
wharf dock
reservation reservations
v vs
dual twofold
grotesquely absurdly
excellent excellence
stake staking
fakes counterfeit
fake counterfeit
start commencing
furious infuriated
persists persist
superior supreme
selector picker
particularly specifically
hardship distress
hutton hatton
bypassing bypass
closest close
start commencement
starts commencement
explosion detonation
negotiating negotiation
topple overthrowing
bavarian bayern
unanimity unanimous
chain string
cellphone cellular
photograph photographed
walking walk
view opinion
views opinions
views opinion
view opinions
minor lesser
preferred preferable
approaching nearing
springs printemps
spring printemps
transport transporting
miki micky
depressing dreary
enchanted charmed
particular especial
prejudicial noxious
favourable propitious
act law
minor minors
surprise surprising
lord master
single unique
yearly annual
luggage baggage
persist persists
dispatched sent
excellent exceptional
innovative groundbreaking
compilation compile
quick swift
like analogous
mirrored mirror
unclean filthy
check verifies
checks verifies
prepares braces
powerful potent
best good
upcoming next
below underneath
transient transitory
limited limiting
avoid avert
estimate estimation
estimating estimation
freed liberated
enlightenment awareness
amnesty pardon
amnesty pardons
acknowledgement gratitude
certainly undoubtedly
anger wrath
washroom bathroom
zeb zep
link bind
literate educated
commissioners commissar
commissioner commissar
funds finances
neatly elegantly
catalogue catalog
limited minor
maximum maximal
servant retainer
finalize settle
enemy enemies
reverting reversion
cellular cellphone
total overall
navigate browse
tasty yummy
repulsive disgusting
encompasses encompass
reversal reverses
reversal reverse
splendid colorful
responsibilities responsiblity
responsibility responsiblity
filthy nasty
neighbour neighbor
deletion deleted
consumption consuming
thank thanks
eliminate abolish
act law
phd doctorate
coercion coercive
lot batch
mama mummy
spool reel
offset counterbalance
adolph adolf
gorgeous beautiful
withdrawal withdraws
adviser advisor
promptly quickly
disadvantaged underprivileged
renowned famed
compromise compromised
activities activity
detonation explosion
siege besieging
falklands malvinas
servicemen solider
serviceman solider
bobby bobbie
formation shaping
donuts doughnuts
constructing build
constructing builds
rearing breeding
safeguard uphold
essence nub
guarantee collateral
guarantees collateral
yummy tasty
recovering retrieve
ok alright
exceptional excellent
mobilize mobilizing
submitted tabled
search browse
increased heightened
supervises monitor
supervises monitors
splendid lovely
surpass outshine
string chain
inspecting inspect
excellent superb
discontinue interrupt
underlined emphasise
secure safe
unique exclusive
areas spheres
delete eliminate
area spheres
area sphere
areas sphere
reverses reversal
reverse reversal
separate detach
terrific outstanding
abolish eliminate
booklet pamphlet
baggage luggage
fathers father
loves love
punish punishes
fulfilling fulfil
designation naming
hard harsh
voyage trip
damian damien
incompatibility inconsistency
cesarean caesarean
vague indistinct
mathematical maths
handbook guide
salaries pay
salary pay
extinguishing extinction
slump recession
super awesome
groundwork base
sorrow sadness
analogous similar
novel new
collaboration cooperate
compunction remorse
unforeseen unplanned
specialised special
sundown sunset
reiner rainer
emphasize highlight
emphasizes highlights
emphasize highlights
emphasizes highlight
frightful spooky
acceptable admissible
brace prepare
mourning mourn
wrench spanner
bondage slavery
alphonso alfonso
bloodletting bloodshed
staking stake
speciality specialization
specialities specialization
rotten bad
unsuitable unfit
rabble mob
outstrip overtake
kauai kawai
endorsed endorse
qualified eligible
ventilated ventilating
undercover secret
underline emphasise
inconsistency incompatibility
escape escaping
manufacture manufactures
immediately forthwith
lock locked
zep zeb
medusa jellyfish
headquarter headquarters
stopping ceasing
purposes intent
purpose intent
disable deactivating
misericordia mercy
referees arbitrator
referee arbitrator
collaborate cooperate
cellar basement
arbitrator umpire
enable enables
overtake outstrip
pamphlet booklet
principal main
establishment creation
behavior behaviour
consistent consonant
conspicuous glaring
mobilization mobilisation
reversion reverting
seize impound
new newer
utility usefulness
furious angry
armament arming
armaments arming
alternative other
lawful legal
other alternatives
other alternative
specially particularly
size sizing
emphasise underline
law act
housing houses
housing house
erstwhile previous
inbound inward
damages damage
khaled khalid
thwart thwarted
harness harnessing
organize organized
cancel countermand
onus burdens
onus burden
describe describes
wanna wants
wanna want
risk peril
risks perils
risk perils
practical concrete
sticky difficult
inspect check
inspect checks
sanitize disinfect
terminating termination
praise laud
external outward
silly stupid
astronaut cosmonaut
wrong false
deactivating disable
rent leases
rents lease
favourite preferred
rent lease
rents leases
rebound rise
boum baum
anyhow anyway
appreciate appreciative
cooperation collaborating
confrontation encounters
confrontation encounter
confrontations encounters
launches start
launch starts
launches starts
launch start
dispute difference
unsuitable inappropriate
joy delight
naik nike
breeding rearing
unforgivable unpardonable
connected related
walk walking
worldwide global
appropriate befitting
attached attach
moveable mobiles
moveable mobile
leak outflow
interfering meddling
breast bosom
shredding destruction
collaborate work
hyperbole exaggeration
homosexual gay
sexy hot
unpack unpacking
sizing size
wrath anger
adjourn adjourned
senior elder
macao macau
safer safest
etched etch
yep yeah
caryl karel
coercive coercion
nonsense claptrap
avoid avoiding
activated activate
rapidly speedily
occupied occupy
gradual progressive
emphasise underlined
transitory transient
master lord
massive huge
bathroom toilet
continuation continuance
especially particularly
describes describe
hot sexy
law act
secret undercover
experience enjoy
lunatic insane
unholy evil
guidebook guides
priestly priestley
inward inbound
deferment suspension
send dispatches
send dispatch
alexy alexis
expand broadened
infuriated furious
rural agrarian
collateral guarantee
collateral guarantees
eliminate abolish
master lord
synchronous synchronized
acknowledges confesses
v vs
inadequate improper
jewish hebrew
mobiles movable
mobile movable
similar analogous
speedy rapid
curious strange
expeditiously rapidly
commencement start
retainer servant
debated debate
faces confront
face confront
sate state
close tight
conceited cocky
dominique dominick
chiefly primarily
recognized acknowledge
proposal proposition
involved participating
adolf adolph
fairly relatively
disgusting repulsive
unaided unassisted
elects elected
presidents chairwoman
president chairwoman
elect elected
weakness failing
caiman cayman
solving resolutions
solving resolution
extraordinary extraordinaire
utilization use
airs transmits
teens adolescents
teens adolescent
kilometres kms
supreme superior
tropical equatorial
chaps caps
chap cap
chaps cap
chap caps
dear honey
appear appearing
twofold dual
involvement attendance
tailor adapt
disinfect disinfection
secret covert
cookie biscuit
cookies biscuit
lowering reduce
abolish eliminate
saltwater brine
yi yee
incorporate incorporating
stopper plug
harsh hard
extant present
mad crazed
caetano kitano
houses housing
house housing
damien damian
awareness enlightenment
safest safer
speedily quick
proposal proposals
approach approaching
booth kiosk
booths kiosk
spacing space
godlike divine
absurdly grotesquely
bin ibn
imposing impose
investigated probed
hard harsh
movable mobiles
movable mobile
adaptations adaptive
adaptation adaptive
reno rino
shortening reduce
bullshit crap
total unmitigated
raided raid
complex complicate
adaptive adaptations
adaptive adaptation
beat overpower
tier level
lunch dinner
dominick dominik
participating involved
ha have
invaluable precious
snag hitch
cautious wary
admissible acceptable
underground subterranean
counterbalance offset
lizzy lizzie
combine combining
dissemination spreading
camouflage disguise
nice splendid
averted avert
babe honey
disguise camouflage
pal buddy
outstanding excellent
headquarter hq
nicholas nicolas
caesarean cesarean
assessment review
varying different
raid raided
custodians keepers
custodian keeper
custodian keepers
unplanned unintended
educated literate
mom mummy
shipment consignment
display showcasing
inland interiors
inland interior
super mega
commencement start
commencement starts
alexis alexy
underneath below
konstantin constantine
dangerous unsafe
etch etched
specialization speciality
overcome overcoming
feuding feud
specialization specialities
annoying pesky
pledged commitment
pledge commitment
beats beat
consignment shipment
onshore inshore
regeneration regenerating
bad unsound
beautiful gorgeous
swift quick
mummy mom
cleanup cleansing
kilometres km
kilometre km
consultation consultations
yee yi
coloured colored
lir lear
bad mala
lighter light
university colleges
universities colleges
university college
universities college
commodities goods
quest searches
quest search
steady constant
steady constants
escaping escape
hemorrhage haemorrhage
photograph photo
photographed photo
baleful evil
dib depp
advisers councillors
advisers councillor
adviser councillors
adviser councillor
searches quest
search quest
pigs hog
pig hog
pig hogs
pigs hogs
familial family
familial families
super fantastic
encourage exhort
disappear go
disclosed revealed
rapids swift
rapid swift
aiding helps
aiding help
size sizing
hatton hutton
huge great
mrs ms
streamline rationalizing
weaponry arms
refereeing arbitrate
highlight underlined
highlights underline
highlights underlined
highlighting underlined
highlighted underlined
highlighted underline
highlight underline
suspension deferment
mollusc shellfish
impose imposing
developments evolution
development evolution
continue continuous
mutton mouton
countermand cancel
nicolas nicholas
color coloured
analyzed analyze
sizing size
secular worldly
eradicate elimination
talk chatter
kilogram kg
unsurpassed unparalleled
georgy giorgi
iraqis iraqi
voted vote
applying apply
awesome super
authorization authorisation
verts greens
gap variance
plates plating
plate plating
start launches
starts launch
starts launches
start launch
shrink decrease
malvinas falklands
enduring durable
support helped
support help
supported helped
supported help
marketed markets
marketed market
sailor mariner
expanded widened
expulsion expel
reel spool
jellyfish medusa
spanning span
category categories
stupid silly
defeat overpower
revealed disclosed
counterfeiting falsification
done finished
hiding concealment
utilizing uses
utilizing use
suspect suspects
showing illustrating
overcoming overcome
biscuit cookie
biscuit cookies
authorisation authorization
honey dear
larger biggest
protective protecting
tense strained
negotiation negotiating
limited bounded
chart charting
foreigner aliens
foreigners alien
foreigners aliens
foreigner alien
quick speedily
feature characteristics
strange curious
small minor
breaks interruptions
break interruptions
break interruption
breaks interruption
pitiless unmerciful
reduce decreasing
student pupil
students pupils
students pupil
student pupils
kawai kauai
luka luca
encompass encompasses
ok alright
monitor overseeing
good alright
ceasar caesar
outlay disbursement
terrific great
doughnuts donuts
super concierge
menace threatening
also additionally
mouton mutton
printemps springs
printemps spring
hence therefore
block blok
constructor builder
proclamation declaration
arming armament
arming armaments
speedily rapidly
difference dispute
indispensable necessary
inadequate insufficient
tiny small
karel caryl
immediate instant
close closest
mero miro
feud feuding
marijuana cannabis
destruction destroy
consultations consultation
supporting supportive
minors minor
communities community
iraqi iraqis
unintended unplanned
numerous multiple
enemies enemy
consistent coherent
over finished
overpower beat
underlined highlight
underline highlights
underlined highlights
underlined highlighting
underlined highlighted
underline highlighted
underline highlight
discovered found
religious religion
ceasing stopping
want wanna
aliens foreigner
alien foreigners
aliens foreigners
alien foreigner
mockingly sarcastically
subsidies subsidy
cooperate collaborate
aircraft aeroplanes
ibn bin
disappearing disappear
proposals proposal
supervise supervised
insane lunatic
divinity theology
maximise maximizing
bombarded bombard
centered centred
peaceful serene
combining combine
coherent consistent
arbitrator referees
arbitrator referee
confiscate impound
unwanted undesirable
intimidate bully
debate debated
nurtured nurture
equatorial tropical
babe baby
basement cellar
fundamentals basics
janvier january
hellenic greek
arbitrate refereeing
hellenic greeks
activate activated
approaching approach
public populace
anyway anyhow
zipped zip
beginning commencement
beginnings commencement
insufficient inadequate
kiln furnace
kiln furnaces
managerial administrative
plants facilities
plants facility
plant facility
plant facilities
upcoming next
babe honey
grievous serious
dampness humidity
balance counterweight
babe honey
return homecoming
khalid khaled
cellular mobile
counterweight balance
photo photograph
photo photographed
collaborating cooperate
delinquency criminality
new novel
generals overall
general overall
luckily fortunately
major weighty
durable enduring
employing using
vs v
pedigree origin
reaffirm reconfirm
reaffirmed reconfirm
opening introductory
quickly speedily
manifest manifested
manoeuvring manoeuvre
immutable constant
mariner sailor
disinfect sanitize
hq headquarter
covert secret
nonsensical idiotic
money pecuniary
fall declines
fall decline
prominent conspicuous
liability responsibility
unsound bad
family familial
families familial
opinion view
opinions views
opinion views
opinions view
lowest minimum
mademoiselle miss
subsequently then
information info
commitment pledged
commitment pledge
haemorrhage hemorrhage
suspects suspect
objectives goal
giorgi georgy
lizzie lizzy
critical important
modernize upgrades
modernize upgrade
analysis analyses
recognized acknowledges
australian aussie
burglary robbery
surprising surprise
overthrowing topple
detect identify
catalog catalogue
savings save
builder constructor
theology divinity
span spanning
finances funds
salam salaam
state sate
greens verts
noxious hazardous
involvement participation
damian damien
false wrong
manoeuvre manoeuvring
businesses enterprises
seri siri
remarkable awesome
slain murdered
filth dirt
bypass bypassing
share communicating
share communicate
behaviour behavior
methods mode
methods modes
method modes
method mode
multiple various
scheduling timetable
scheduling timetables
finished over
concierge super
unmerciful pitiless
terrific fantastic
prohibit forbidden
rationalizing streamline
leases rent
lease rents
lease rent
leases rents
beat beats
reduce reduces
adverse harmful
highland upland
robbery burglary
fulfil fulfilling
past bygone
break rupture
electra elektra
headlights headlamps
muhammed mohammed
assessment appraising
approx around
opinions opinion
continuous continue
sterility infertility
compile compiling
evil unholy
ongoing continuous
rational sane
tokyo tokio
transported transport
transported transports
jump leap
jump leaps
jumps leaps
jumps leap
agendas agenda
onboard aboard
criminality delinquency
inshore onshore
classified confidential
councils advice
extended broadened
resolve solve
jacqui jackie
formulation phraseology
babe honey
focusing focuses
focusing focus
dinner lunch
resolve solved
will volition
dirt filth
cab taxi
cooperate collaborating
million mln
millions mln
shaping formation
attach attached
finishing finish
slavery bondage
excellent outstanding
unassisted unaided
eliminate delete
hailed praised
lot batch
lot batches
attainment accomplishments
attainment accomplishment
reduce shortening
hadj haj
adapt tailor
continuous sustained
delight joy
jana yana
comprehensive thorough
finance financed
adolescents teens
adolescent teens
threatening menace
rebound rise
sarcastically mockingly
principally primarily
uses utilizing
use utilizing
providers suppliers
fulfilment fulfillment
gorgeous wonderful
terence terrence
way path
way paths
decrease recede
love loves
various multiple
facilities facility
hoang huang
want wanna
alfonso alphonso
stricter tougher
cooked cook
cooked cooks
salaam salam
guides guidebook
executives administrative
executive administrative
damage damages
space spacing
decreasing reduce
illustrating showing
divine godlike
vena vein
pollution contamination
cannabis marijuana
happy pleased
reaffirm affirms
quick speedy
complementary supplemental
minors juveniles
minors juvenile
orally verbally
approx around
maximizing maximise
posted post
rupture break
assessments ratings
assessments rating
assessment ratings
assessment rating
hike raise
giselle gisele
sustained continuous
changing changeable
progressive gradual
fantastic terrific
blends mixing
blend mixing
salty salted
plucky brave
damien damian
mirror mirrored
zip zipped
liberated freed
withdraws withdrawal
overpower defeat
presentations presentation
arms weaponry
stats statistics
cluster clustered
supervising oversight
allowable admissible
necessary indispensable
lear lir
suppliers providers
amicable friendly
additionally moreover
quick hurried
batch lot
start launch
pal buddy
decline reductions
decline reduction
synchronized synchronous
pole poles
forged counterfeit
tonne tons
tonnes tons
bayern bavarian
education upbringing
distant faraway
responds respond
interiors inside
interior inside
lowering reduce
participation involvement
unequalled unparalleled
infertility sterility
employed employ
persistent continuous
landlord proprietor
landlord proprietors
uncovers discloses
beneficial helpful
constant steady
constants steady
councillors advisers
councillor advisers
councillors adviser
councillor adviser
burdens onus
burden onus
smoked smoke
continuous persistent
pity shame
unloading downloading
gram g
men man
gauging gauge
molestation harassment
level tier
sordid vile
conspicuous prominent
noxious harmful
different varying
incessant continuing
downloading unloading
tailoring adapting
base groundwork
abducted kidnaped
name naming
inspect inspecting
primarily principally
terrence terence
concealment hiding
detaining detain
looped loop
kitano caetano
praised praises
praised praise
elektra electra
overthrow topple
take pick
takes pick
took pick
taking pick
variance difference
harsh hard
declines fall
decline fall
mohammed muhammed
lesion wound
honey sweetheart
forecasted predicted
enterprises businesses
rectifying rectification
new newest
pick select
comprehensive holistic
spent spend
apply applying
alternatives other
alternative other
aware mindful
africans african
particularly specially
showing display
showing displays
changeable changing
accomplishments attainment
accomplishment attainment
outstanding terrific
recuperation recoveries
recuperation recovery
interfere intervening
muhammed mohammed
protecting protective
crawfish crayfish
delete deleting
coloured color
speedily quickly
varying differing
uncovered revealed
collision collide
siri seri
replaces replace
collide collision
rise rebound
nearest closest
doctorate phd
important critical
careful prudence
hamper hinders
hampers hinders
advancements progression
advancement progression
fine alright
inactivity inaction
previous erstwhile
continual ongoing
clarification elucidate
transmitting transmit
detain detaining
bombard bombarded
nub core
verifies check
verifies checks
buddy pal
opt choose
confront faces
confront face
prudence careful
criterion criteria
near close
confirmation acknowledgement
encoded encrypted
agreeably pleasantly
clothe clothing
humidity dampness
ignominious inglorious
preferable preferred
compiling compile
sown planted
continue continuing
shocked shock
someone somebody
outflow leak
baby babe
close near
inside interiors
inside interior
jonathon johnathan
probe investigates
probes investigates
splendid phenomenal
restlessness uneasiness
postage postal
administrative executives
administrative executive
improper incongruous
anyone anybody
cayman caiman
uneasiness restlessness
scorpio scorpius
hot hottest
operative operating
punishing punished
dormant inactive
agenda agendas
johnathan jonathon
someone somebody
admissible allowable
hitch snag
primarily chiefly
undesirable unwanted
launch initiated
launched initiated
launch initiate
launched initiate
launching initiated
launching initiate
multiple various
have ha
praised hailed
phenomenal splendid
slimane suleiman
proximate close
proximate closest
anyplace nowhere
forthwith straightaway
remarkable conspicuous
mobile cellular
statements statement
annual yearly
divan diwan
deviation deflection
shellfish mollusc
fulfillment realization
instrument instruments
newer new
sailors seamen
sailor seaman
sailor seamen
sailors seaman
predicted forecasted
fixed stationary
hemorrhage haemorrhage
introductory opening
biggest larger
closest nearest
replace replaces
speedy quick
preserved retained
severe serious
hottest hot
photography photographing
killer slayer
launched inaugurated
yana jana
multiple various
talks talk
allegedly supposedly
spend spent
shame pity
reveal discloses
insufficiency shortfall
analyze analyzed
requisitioning requisitions
requisitioning requisition
oversee supervises
expressed express
continuing continue
moron idiot
moron idiots
assessed assessment
assessed assessments
greek hellenic
greeks hellenic
consequence aftermath
consequences aftermath
salted salty
farming husbandry
finished done
slanted slant
respond responds
racial ethnic
moreover additionally
inaction inactivity
caesar ceasar
cooperation collaborate
vital important
nurture nurtured
usefulness utility
paths path
cleansing cleanup
segregated separate
help support
investigates probe
investigates probes
depp dib
avert averted
courteously politely
kylie kaili
elected elects
elected elect
rudolph rudolf
leap jump
leaps jump
leaps jumps
leap jumps
acknowledgement confirmation
retained preserved
launch start
deleting delete
opinion opinions
valuing value
agustin augustine
hijack kidnap
coupon voucher
coupons vouchers
coupons voucher
identify detect
besieging siege
proprietor landlord
proprietors landlord
slayer killer
dependable trustworthy
konnichiwa konichiwa
seated sitting
responsibility liability
adieu farewell
typical exemplary
termination terminating
seamen sailors
seaman sailor
seamen sailor
seaman sailors
investigator investigators
somebody someone
understandable comprehensible
cooperating collaboration
lawsuit issue
shortfall insufficiency
reduce lowering
useless unnecessary
theater teatro
analyzes analysis
analyzes analyses
workable viable
dispatches send
dispatch send
fury anger
completely fully
reinforce reinforcing
anger fury
yeah yep
therese teresa
source origin
rapid speedy
adviser advisors
examination scrutiny
examinations scrutiny
rules regulations
rules regulation
rule regulation
rule regulations
separate segregated
lori laurie
current contemporary
solve resolve
gisele giselle
teens teenagers
offset neutralize
post posted
discovering detecting
employ employed
path paths
everything eveything
cook cooked
cooks cooked
splendid glowing
variance gap
bake baking
posterior subsequent
harmful adverse
fulfil perform
awful terrible
take pick
took pick
conspicuous remarkable
chitchat talk
presentation presentations
indexed index
meddling interference
naming name
normal ordinary
ongoing currents
fantastic super
inglorious ignominious
heightened increased
thankfully fortunately
prawn shrimps
prawn shrimp
supplemental complementary
origin source
reinforcing reinforce
kidnap hijack
resistant resistance
rudolf rudolph
gauge gauging
bad horrid
wonderful gorgeous
accumulated accumulate
anybody anyone
investigators investigator
recoveries recuperation
recovery recuperation
jacky jacqui
issue lawsuit
honey babe
refugio refuge
prohibited prohibiting
mamma mama
initiation initiating
recovered recover
phony false
stressing emphasized
mobilised mobilise
organisation organizations
adapting tailoring
dominik dominick
analyses analysis
review examination
reviewing examination
summarize summarise
muhammed muhammad
circa approx
diwan divan
guarantor surety
fong phong
initiation launches
initiation launch
talk talks
revealed uncovered
settled settles
settled settle
liberated liberate
peril jeopardy
postal postage
reserving reserve
elderly aged
hide concealing
realize realising
jacqui jacky
complex knotty
zillion billion
somebody someone
sympathetic empathy
crayfish crawfish
inaugurated launched
lit light
categories category
destruction shredding
contaminate polluted
initiated launch
initiated launched
initiate launch
initiate launched
initiated launching
initiate launching
friend freund
straightaway forthwith
psychotropic psychoactive
politely courteously
check checks
serious severe
idiot moron
idiots moron
currents ongoing
subsurface underground
behavior behaviour
furnace kiln
furnaces kiln
differing varying
walking walk
helpless powerless
say said
says said
way manner
facilities plants
facility plants
facility plant
facilities plant
exploded explode
retrofit modernize
quick rapidly
various multiple
widened broadened
additionally also
trustworthy dependable
husbandry farming
sleigh sledge
summarise summarize
splendid nice
jackie jacqui
unparalleled unequalled
zero zilch
bad improper
supposedly allegedly
religion religious
resolutions solving
resolution solving
alright good
babe honey
about approx
constabulary police
healing heal
hurried quick
origins provenance
origin provenance
barone barron
estimation estimate
estimation estimating
centered focused
decree edict
vote voted
talk chitchat
spend expenditures
spend expenditure
reductions decline
reduction decline
markets marketed
market marketed
valli valle
mindful aware
greet saluted
greeted saluted
greet salute
greeted salute
greeting saluted
greeting saluting
enlightened informed
interruptions breaks
interruptions break
interruption break
interruption breaks
haemorrhage hemorrhage
transmit transmitting
inactive dormant
slimane suleyman
loony demented
realising realize
constraints limitations
consistently systematically
instruments instrument
victoire victory
administrative managerial
statements statement
advice councils
limitations constraints
exhibits exhibit
informed enlightened
coercing coerce
tempo pace
aboard onboard
temporary transitory
lower reduce
mild soft
interference meddling
close proximate
closest proximate
taxi cab
hate hates
alright good
untreatable incurable
pooch doggie
statement statements
induction initiation
great huge
isaac itzhak
serious grievous
progression advances
progression advance
highlighted highlight
initiating initiation
consecutive continuous
huang hoang
detach separate
oversight supervising
mixing blends
mixing blend
revealing reveal
centred centered
resume restart
discloses uncovers
osborn osbourne
remarkable outstanding
suleiman slimane
wound lesion
indescribable inexpressible
great awesome
swindle cheat
unparalleled unsurpassed
statement statements
handrail banister
good alright
kaili kylie
interiors inland
interior inland
unwell indisposed
reduced lowered
teresa therese
freed releases
freed release
doggie pooch
finished terminated
pace tempo
strained tense
lower reduce
lowers reduce
nameless unknown
systematically consistently
burying bury
commenced launched
detects discovers
focuses concentration
focus concentration
focus concentrations
nanking nanjing
presently currently
highlight emphasise
highlighted emphasise
highlights emphasised
highlight emphasised
highlighted emphasised
mama mummy
analysis analyzes
analyses analyzes
inconsistent incompatible
underline underscore
approx around
buddy pal
prohibiting prohibited
wounded injured
detecting discovering
below underneath
terminated finished
deflection deviation
honey babe
feuding dispute
outstanding remarkable
difference variance
banister handrail
waging wage
disbursement outlay
vomit puking
actionable helpful
provenance origins
provenance origin
small tiny
elder senior
elder seniors
elders senior
elders seniors
emphasized stressing
messy untidy
priestley priestly
undue improper
juveniles minors
juvenile minors
sledge sleigh
recession slump
redouble intensify
bloodshed bloodletting
exhibit exhibits
focuses focusing
focus focusing
wage waging
commencement beginning
underscore underline
commencement beginnings
upkeep maintenance
send dispatch
hazardous noxious
repress suppress
voucher coupon
vouchers coupons
voucher coupons
various multiple
evil iniquity
fight tussle
rainfall precipitation
intent purpose
intent purposes
intents purposes
stationary fixed
encrypted encoded
disappear disappearing
bizarre odd
lengths duration
length duration
enlarging enlargement
unknown unbeknownst
around approx
destino destiny
collaboration cooperating
constantine konstantin
amateurs amateur
residue residuals
residues residual
residues residuals
residue residual
checks check
purebred thoroughbred
counting count
strained tensed
justify justification
useable usable
show exposition
continuous unceasing
hates hate
gaze look
counterfeit forged
changed modifications
change modifications
changes modifications
phillippe phillipe
rises increases
rises increase
rise increases
rise increase
continuous ongoing
munitions ammunition
harassment molestation
headlamps headlights
shrimps prawn
shrimp prawn
promote promotion
january janvier
contemporary current
vile sordid
go disappear
barron barone
mummy mama
pleased happy
discharge discharged
finish finishing
sailor crewman
sailor crewmen
nowhere anyplace
true authentic
comprehensible understandable
batch lot
batches lot
groovy super
ethnic racial
hinders hamper
hinders hampers
many several
scotti scotty
communicating share
communicate share
prepare brace
rectification rectifying
underground subsurface
dispute feuding
decreased reduce
disclose reveal
sitting seated
sweetened sugared
bury burying
vein vena
calamity catastrophe
phillipe phillippe
raise hike
shock shocked
terrific splendid
poles pole
incompatible inconsistent
adjacent contiguous
crevasse crack
cluster group
good alright
puking vomit
lawd lord
sucking suck
strategy strategies
baking bake
manner way
mama mamma
programmed program
reine queen
gain increase
tons tonne
tons tonnes
dear honey
windscreen windshield
helpful actionable
allegedly supposedly
honey babe
powerless helpless
lubricate lubricating
freund friend
sugared sweetened
smoke smoked
checked check
polluted contaminate
augustine agustin
launches initiation
launch initiation
capped limited
terrorize terrorise
clothing clothe
hampers impede
hamper impedes
hampers impeded
hamper impede
hampers impedes
awesome great
untidy messy
neutralize offset
minton menton
solve solves
inefficient ineffective
multiple numerous
exemplary typical
around approx
advisors adviser
restart resume
saluted greet
saluted greeted
salute greet
salute greeted
saluted greeting
saluting greeting
carver sculptor
initiation induction
millenium millennium
broadened widened
experience enjoy
operating operative
kerb curb
zoning zones
zoning zone
iniquity evil
sanya sania
special specialised
victory victoire
scotty scotti
terrorise terrorize
ineffective inefficient
select pick
awesome impressive
woolf wulf
windshield windscreen
noting note
snapshots instantaneous
snapshot instantaneous
supposedly allegedly
cemented cement
rationale justification
staffer official
accountable responsible
have ha
has ha
harmful dangerous
explode exploded
seaboard coastline
sweetheart honey
monitor oversees
scorpius scorpio
monitors oversees
onshore terrestrial
puny weak
alright ok
dip drop
dips drops
dips drop
dip drops
mention mentioned
heal healing
farewell adieu
walk walking
promotion promote
home homing
homing home
examination review
examination reviewing
dear honey
undermine undermining
intensify redouble
wulf woolf
pumped pump
rowdy noisy
gruelling exhausting
mala bad
queen reine
optimum better
usable useable
injured wounded
infinite limitless
blended mixed
demented loony
opportune good
quicker faster
gain rise
important vital
incurable untreatable
emphasise highlight
emphasise highlighted
emphasised highlights
emphasised highlight
emphasised highlighted
loop looped
developments development
ha have
ha has
false phony
gains earnings
gain earnings
stunning impressive
abbie abby
ancillary subsidiary
precision accurate
discovers detects
flush flushing
residuals residue
residual residues
residuals residues
residual residue
weird curious
initiation initiates
assessment assessed
assessments assessed
continual continued
osbourne osborn
prejudicial harmful
yesteryear past
probable possible
improper irregular
nike naik
genetic hereditary
unsurpassed unrivalled
mentioned mention
inspire inspiring
jeopardy peril
continuing incessant
knotty complex
stabilized stabilize
nichol nicole
unceasing continuous
super janitor
lubricating lubricate
purpose intent
purposes intent
purposes intents
subsequent posterior
justification justify
reduce lower
reduce lowers
struggle struggling
struggles struggling
punished punishing
postponing deferment
counterfeit fakes
counterfeit fake
previous earlier
suppress repress
vapor vapour
isolate isolation
confidential classified
lead advance
weak vulnerable
honey babe
outsource outsourced
struggling struggle
struggling struggles
tough hard
collapse flop
caution prudence
review revisit
particularly especially
theft stealing
cogent persuasive
la las
revisit review
chaste celibate
recover recovered
excluded exclude
supervises oversee
meddling intervening
responsible accountable
wreck ruin
group cluster
impregnate fertilize
kids child
ruin wreck
reduce lowering
quenching quench
mixed blended
reliable trustworthy
child kids
correlated correlate
criteria criterion
value valuing
negligible insignificant
enlarging expand
therefore hence
formation formulation
deferment deferral
terrible awful
unnecessary useless
approx about
releases freed
release freed
accurate precision
prefers preferred
null zero
performs perform
endorse approving
frenzied wild
las la
nicole nichol
refuge refugio
weed weeding
sculptor carver
overall totals
overall total
inherent intrinsic
magnification enlargement
blend mixtures
exposition show
voyage travel
reveal disclose
splendid terrific
deferral deferment
limitless infinite
dispatch send
several many
novak novick
gain rise
separate detach
reveal revealing
wanna want
praises praised
praise praised
development developments
behaviour behavior
fertilize impregnate
acknowledgement recognition
aftermath consequence
aftermath consequences
overcoming overcome
wanna want
cleft crack
lenore leonor
cowards coward
adaptability adaptive
important essential
important essentials
previous earlier
quell suppress
investigate investigative
retrospective retroactive
babe honey
pancha panza
reduce lower
continuous consecutive
netherworld underworld
super groovy
dominik dominic
unbeknownst unknown
count counting
realization fulfillment
doubles double
widening widen
vista view
dose dosing
battles battling
battle battling
trustworthy reliable
exploited exploit
choose opt
prudence caution
ordinary normal
senior elder
seniors elder
senior elders
seniors elders
thorough exhaustive
czechoslovakian czechoslovak
guaranty collateral
flier aviator
expedited rapid
forbidden prohibit
focused centered
variance discrepancy
honorable honourable
browse search
core nub
proceeds takings
see behold
authorise authorize
jimi jimmy
statistics statistical
pump pumped
currently presently
probe investigated
bases basis
base basis
ire anger
ongoing continual
dangerous harmful
exaggeration hyperbole
adieu farewell
garbage refuse
present extant
counterterrorist counterterrorism
supervise monitoring
planted sown
launches initiation
launch initiation
essential important
essentials important
backside behind
intrinsic inherent
exhaustive thorough
burley burleigh
thoroughbred purebred
rainer reiner
unmatched unprecedented
coward cowards
zones zoning
zone zoning
statistical statistics
bad wicked
display showing
displays showing
honey dear
kiln oven
kiln ovens
said say
said says
zilch zero
janitor super
peculiar particular
alright ok
loaned loan
outlook prospect
outlook prospects
deeply gravely
conceivable imaginable
noxious toxic
noxious poisonous
outsourced outsource
undermining undermine
discloses reveal
splits schism
split schism
injecting inject
support help
irregular improper
mohammed muhammed
friendly amicable
aiding help
jimmy jimi
dominic dominik
purifying purify
howdy hello
howdy hellos
authorize authorise
devi mckee
oven kiln
ovens kiln
topic theme
elimination eradicate
search browse
billion zillion
faster quicker
coerce coercing
menton minton
disconnected disconnect
gain increase
gained increase
gained increased
gain increased
gains increased
liberate liberated
origin pedigree
delete deleting
grow increases
grow increase
recognition acknowledgement
limit boundary
limits boundaries
limit boundaries
limits boundary
oversees monitor
oversees monitors
crack cleft
jonny johnnie
approx approximately
retroactive retrospective
rebooting restart
substantially considerably
duration lengths
duration length
cherished cherish
investigative investigate
transport transported
transports transported
murdered slain
underworld netherworld
curious weird
african africans
index indexed
precipitation rainfall
evaluated assessment
slant slanted
chiefly primarily
settles settled
settle settled
main principal
noon midday
troubles problem
trouble problem
troubles problems
trouble problems
accountable responsible
deleting delete
unsafe hazardous
resume restart
resumes restart
consensus unanimity
leonor lenore
gravely deeply
insignificant negligible
unrivalled unsurpassed
arranged arrange
laurie lori
merry joyful
sugared sugary
indisposed unwell
suleyman slimane
greetings salutation
greeting salutation
greetings salutations
worrying disturbing
anywhere everywhere
transmits airs
rapidly quick
eldest firstborn
good well
goods well
novick novak
past former
valle valli
eradicating elimination
multiply multiplied
soar rises
soars rises
soar rise
soars rise
inspiring inspire
zero null
concentration focuses
concentration focus
concentrations focus
coherent consistent
tier level
pursuant accordance
tracking track
harmful noxious
ultrasonic ultrasound
sickness illness
murli morley
dickie dickey
perform performs
risky dangerous
amateur amateurs
prospect outlook
highlight highlighted
prospects outlook
travel voyage
resistance resistant
reactions responses
wild frenzied
enlarge enlarging
celibate chaste
intervening interfere
ancestry origins
ancestry origin
improper bad
crack crevasse
lord seigneur
surges surging
surge surging
contiguous adjacent
clever smart
prospective potential
sharply strongly
suck sucking
memento souvenir
totals overall
total overall
ice icing
reserve reserving
initiation launches
initiation launch
firstborn eldest
grow increase
mobilise mobilised
helps aiding
help aiding
view vista
bare naked
wrong mistake
timelines deadlines
timelines deadline
timeline deadlines
timeline deadline
summarise summarize
summarise summarized
hard tough
stealing theft
refuse garbage
muhammad muhammed
honey dear
accumulate accumulated
remove delete
nanjing nanking
catastrophe calamity
fine splendid
nearsighted farsighted
theme topic
gained rise
gain rising
gain rise
gain rose
gained rose
replying respond
foiled foils
foiled foil
reduce abatement
delete remove
better optimum
potent powerful
inner inside
super wonderful
sania sanya
foils foiled
foil foiled
modernize retrofit
drowsy sleepy
check checked
requisitions requisitioning
requisition requisitioning
falling decreasing
processed processes
processed process
merit merits
considerably substantially
unceasing steady
choose selects
drop dip
drops dips
drop dips
drops dip
happy merry
maintenance upkeep
restart rebooting
valid meaningful
conceited pretentious
enrich enriching
context background
rise gain
succour help
impressive stunning
depleting depletion
quench quenching
concedes acknowledges
unpleasantly uncomfortably
client customer
mckee devi
elderly aged
rise gain
novel new
abby abbie
continued continual
justification rationale
summarize summarise
summarized summarise
authentic true
hemp cannabis
light lighter
decrease shrink
aviator flier
client customer
well good
well goods
basis bases
basis base
konichiwa konnichiwa
monitors supervises
monitor supervises
prove proving
midday noon
horrid bad
super fantastic
claimant applicant
remarkable significant
coastline seaboard
early earlier
highlight underline
highlight underlines
highlights underline
highlights underlines
vino wine
help succour
impressive remarkable
resolute determined
karo caro
opting opt
efficacy efficient
help supporting
help support
helping support
helping supporting
allowable tolerable
uncomfortably unpleasantly
talk chitchat
persuasive cogent
throttle accelerator
understands understand
primarily predominantly
background context
directions instructions
thereafter afterwards
preferred prefers
origins ancestry
origin ancestry
widen widening
immigrate emigrate
curb kerb
senor lord
opt opting
potential prospective
exhausting gruelling
underline emphasized
underlines emphasized
smart clever
restart resume
restart resumes
meier mayer
furthering promote
illness sickness
grievous serious
allow enables
merry happy
consecutive successively
revert returns
revert return
salutation greetings
salutation greeting
salutations greetings
help support
helps supports
helps support
help supports
dosing dose
menace threatening
toxic noxious
predominantly primarily
daria darya
reset restart
responses reactions
customer client
applicant claimant
panza pancha
tolerable allowable
problem troubles
problem trouble
yoko yuko
problems troubles
problems trouble
nice good
disturbing worrying
loan loaned
careful prudence
advance lead
emigrate immigrate
attendance involvement
increases rises
increase rises
increases rise
increase rise
weighted weights
weighted weight
fortunately luckily
steady sustained
rainfall precipitation
yuko yoko
quick expeditiously
strategies strategy
poisonous noxious
monitoring monitors
monitoring monitor
terrestrial onshore
impressive awesome
zechariah zacharias
vapour vapor
huge enormous
expand widening
sleepy drowsy
touch touching
joyful merry
instructions directions
doggy pooch
ravenous rapacious
inexcusable unforgivable
hot sexy
lord senor
risky hazardous
continuous steady
rise gained
rising gain
rise gain
rose gain
rose gained
cherish cherished
severe extreme
reconfiguring reconfigure
farsighted nearsighted
remarkable impressive
invite inviting
exclude excluded
motivating motivate
wicked bad
earlier previous
honey babe
approx circa
sexy sexier
seigneur lord
void vacuum
conversion transformation
relatively fairly
apprehend apprehended
naked bare
multiplies multiply
launched commenced
quick expeditious
deadlines timelines
deadline timelines
deadlines timeline
deadline timeline
bowden bodin
programs programmes
underneath below
splendid excellent
liable responsible
extreme severe
aft astern
hazardous unsafe
discrepancy variance
intervening meddling
proficiency expertise
homes domicile
home domicile
formulation formation
headquarter hq
motivate motivating
lead advance
battling battles
battling battle
unceasing constant
hereditary genetic
jammies pajamas
airman aviator
reconfigure reconfiguring
darya daria
souvenir memento
collaborated cooperation
seeking seeks
seeking seek
organizations organisation
reduced diminished
teenagers teens
enlargement magnification
unforgivable inexcusable
schism splits
schism split
liable responsibilities
multiply multiplies
promote furthering
permissible acceptable
underline highlight
underlines highlight
underline highlights
underlines highlights
behind backside
rival competitor
aviator airman
merits merit
fantastic marvellous
purify purifying
enriching enrich
boundary limit
boundaries limits
boundaries limit
boundary limits
respond replying
pinned pins
pinned pin
pooch doggy
about approx
fantastic unbelievable
accordance pursuant
counterterrorism counterterrorist
widening expand
reaping harvesting
regulations rules
regulation rules
regulation rule
regulations rule
constrain restricted
prudence prudent
depletion depleting
deferment postponing
characteristics feature
stabilize stabilized
look gaze
critical indispensable
dialed dial
surging surges
surging surge
prudent prudence
acceptable permissible
shootout firefight
abatement reduce
inform communicate
assessment evaluated
evil bad
fortunately thankfully
wrack ruin
iyo ioa
possible probable
unrecorded unregistered
exerting exert
wrong inaccurate
mainly principally
inside inner
track tracking
comprised composed
virtually practically
successively consecutive
son fils
sons fils
appliances equipments
appliances equipment
appliance equipment
climb rises
climbs rise
climb rise
climbs rises
rises soar
rises soars
rise soar
rise soars
morley murli
returns revert
return revert
mayer meier
shelly shelley
perfect impeccable
everywhere anywhere
change changing
changes changing
consistent coherent
softly gently
spectra spectrum
chariot trolley
shut closes
shut close
cancelled cancel
professors teachers
bad improper
affirms reaffirm
statements declarations
bright brightest
replies responses
inject injecting
dok duc
pretentious conceited
require requiring
impeccable perfect
accelerator throttle
issue problem
gaps variance
gap variance
routed route
multiplied multiply
implicated involved
cristiano christian
imaginable conceivable
subsidiary ancillary
apprehended apprehend
bodin bowden
customer client
futures upcoming
future upcoming
initiates initiation
carnage massacre
negotiations talks
negotiation talks
efficient efficacy
veterinarian veterinary
decreasing falling
teachers professors
statistics stats
commence commencing
monitors monitoring
monitor monitoring
allowable acceptable
strongly sharply
demonstrate demonstrates
suppress quell
earlier previous
acronyms abbreviations
raising hike
raise hike
near nigh
correlate correlated
despised scorned
pollute contaminate
declarations statements
stipulates stipulate
marvellous fantastic
initiate commenced
flavor flavour
icing ice
honey babe
proving prove
due owing
farewell adieu
unchangeable constant
blend melange
evil maleficent
limit restricted
limits restricted
approving endorse
slide sliding
carbonated carbonate
closest nearest
indigenous aboriginal
advice advising
unregistered unrecorded
stacking stack
expertise proficiency
stale outdated
restart reset
excellent splendid
conformity accordance
advise advising
exploit exploited
weak debilitated
cement cemented
steady unceasing
restricted constrain
increase gain
arrange arranged
limited capped
honourable honorable
rapacious ravenous
prohibit banned
early earliest
former past
concealing hide
spent expended
unsuited improper
determined resolute
constant immutable
howdy hi
idea ideas
trolley chariot
composed comprised
gain rise
competitor rival
lonely solitary
arts humanities
continuing continue
proceeding proceed
particular peculiar
disappear go
involvement attendance
ruin wrack
keane keene
uploads upload
affirmed affirm
prudence careful
understand understands
worldly mundane
analytic analysis
analytic analyses
adieu goodbye
demonstrates demonstrate
jodi jody
besides additionally
pins pinned
pin pinned
rises climb
rise climbs
rise climb
rises climbs
authorize authorising
contrite repentant
denotes indicate
sirs sir
commencing commence
pivotal essential
owned own
super great
principally mainly
brightest bright
crazy madman
timetable scheduling
timetables scheduling
dine supper
requiring require
start initiating
starts initiating
advising advise
precipitation rainfall
bad evil
advances progression
advance progression
shelley shelly
involved implicated
diminished reduced
terrify frighten
massacre carnage
difficult sticky
noisy rowdy
wonderful magnificent
surreptitiously covertly
clusters groups
cluster groups
clusters group
cluster group
magnificent wonderful
groups clusters
groups cluster
group clusters
group cluster
hormone hormonal
elimination eradicating
courageous plucky
rise gain
jody jodi
acknowledgement recognition
parliaments parliament
inviting invite
tolerable permissible
slow slower
specifically particularly
dear honey
ideas idea
scorned despised
millennium millenium
usually normally
helps support
help support
lube lubricant
councils advice
powerful potent
solitude loneliness
peuple people
repentant contrite
firefight shootout
initiating start
initiating starts
constant unceasing
alison allison
harmful prejudicial
facilitates facilitate
pascual pasquale
closing closure
principal main
approximately approx
proportional proportionate
upcoming futures
upcoming future
coerce coerced
gut bowel
sexy hot
sexier sexy
sight vision
protective preventative
gently softly
minimum lowest
equipments appliances
equipment appliances
equipment appliance
communicate inform
rebuilding reconstruct
seeks seeking
seek seeking
assure assuring
usual normal
magyar hungarian
changing change
changing changes
practically virtually
anger ire
besiege besieging
cluster groups
cluster group
extreme abject
natalie nathalie
enlargement enlarging
augmentation increase
augmentation increases
favorable positive
famous celebrated
transformation conversion
modifications changed
modifications change
modifications changes
madman crazy
unbelievable fantastic
fabulous terrific
inaccurate wrong
super terrific
abatement mitigation
talks negotiations
talks negotiation
cheat swindle
featuring features
featuring feature
johnnie jonny
nurture nurturing
repress repressed
practise practicing
communicated communicate
terrific fabulous
infantile children
infantile child
exterior outside
sliding slide
bleeding bleed
cancel abolish
cancels abolish
unprecedented unmatched
unrelenting persistent
collectivity group
soon shortly
enables allow
chitchat talk
creation introduction
despite notwithstanding
gizmo gadget
christian cristiano
level tier
accordance conformity
fantastic super
pardon forgive
instantaneous snapshots
instantaneous snapshot
worldwide international
claimant applicant
confirms confirm
doctors physicians
supervises monitors
supervises monitor
goggles eyeglasses
swift rapid
nonviolent peaceful
enlarging enlarge
includes comprises
exert exerting
recognizing acknowledgement
almost nearly
wound injured
canton guangzhou
resistant resilient
nearly almost
illness diseases
confirm confirms
nearest closest
viewed view
collaborate cooperation
agencies organizations
fils son
fils sons
sustained steady
gamo jammu
wonderful super
end discontinue
hodgepodge hotchpotch
hikes rises
hike rises
hikes rise
hike rise
furnishes provides
decibel db
mitigation abatement
sent forwarded
ground terrestrial
useless pointless
withdraw withdrawal
recognition acknowledgement
stack stacking
increase gain
increase gained
increased gained
increased gain
increased gains
expand enlarging
melange blend
rigorous stringent
closes shut
close shut
splendid fine
unanimity consensus
well good
great super
nightly overnight
intelligible comprehensible
grate grating
introduction creation
costly expensive
declaration proclamation
dictation dictates
dictation dictate
amiss bad
baggages suitcases
banning prohibiting
tips advice
tip advice
coerced coerce
aboriginal indigenous
applicant claimant
onshore coastal
loneliness solitude
police constabulary
slower slow
honey dear
weights weighted
weight weighted
dangerous risky
veterinary veterinarian
allison alison
invert reverse
thus thereby
terrific super
lowers reduces
basically essentially
eyeglasses goggles
acknowledges concedes
help aiding
abbreviations acronyms
bleed bleeding
rise advance
dickey dickie
commenced initiate
zacharias zechariah
celebrated famous
notwithstanding despite
light lit
expended spent
expeditious quick
assuring assure
mistaken mistake
terrain ground
double doubles
isolation isolate
resilient resistant
good well
supervision oversight
vulnerable weak
infect contaminate
comprehensible intelligible
stringent rigorous
acceptable allowable
oversight supervision
banned prohibit
normally usually
attached annexed
advance lead
responses replies
totals aggregate
total aggregate
program programmed
authorising authorize
ioa iyo
flavour flavor
keene keane
indispensable critical
hazardous risky
ku koo
pleasantly agreeably
supper dine
spectrum spectra
view viewed
threatening menace
mistake wrong
good nice
contaminate pollute
earliest early
opens open
solitary lonely
employees personnel
employee personnel
programmes programs
affirm affirmed
comprises includes
booklet handbook
write writing
indigenous aboriginal
handbook booklet
linking link
dial dialed
mortuary morgue
official staffer
broadens increases
broaden increase
broadening increase
booklet brochure
evaluated assessments
evaluated assessment
gadget gizmo
scrubbing scrub
stipulate stipulates
acknowledgement recognizing
proportionate proportional
appropriate proper
reclaim recapture
folly madness
morgue mortuary
emphasized highlighted
timeline deadline
hearsay rumour
detain detained
obligation responsibilities
obligations responsibilities
obligation responsibility
obligations responsibility
aggregate totals
aggregate total
adroit clever
babe honey
inspire inspires
adaptive adaptability
consistency coherence
meaningful valid
raising upbringing
behavior behaviour
breath respiration
highlighted emphasized
groups cluster
group cluster
careful cautious
maleficent evil
permissible tolerable
significant remarkable
earlier early
near close
remote distant
debilitated weak
freeing liberate
insufficiency failure
ayse aisha
db decibel
united unified
orientate focus
hereafter hereinafter
constrain limited
besieging besiege
coherence consistency
annexed attached
christina cristina
terrestrial ground
persistent unrelenting
essential pivotal
teh toh
distant remote
start commences
starts commences
adroit skilled
selects choose
rumour hearsay
additionally besides
commissions committees
weakened weaken
concrete tangible
failure insufficiency
brochure booklet
bowel gut
evil diabolic
cautious careful
obstinate stubborn
romantically emotionally
good opportune
proficiency capacity
proficiency capacities
rebooting restarting
physicians doctors
scrub scrubbing
patronage sponsorship
grating grate
unknown nameless
abolish cancel
abolish cancels
cannabis hemp
lord lawd
enjoying enjoy
rapid swift
abject extreme
lesser minor
dissipate resolve
outlines describe
outline describe
inspect review
inspect reviews
sugary sugared
pictures photographs
negro black
conversations talks
conversation talks
supporting help
support help
support helping
supporting helping
close shut
resolve dissipate
spectacular dramatic
forgive pardon
normal usual
increase grow
depiction portrayal
constructed construct
constructed constructs
stubborn obstinate
committees commissions
soft mild
dishonor dishonour
provides furnishes
recapture reclaim
disconnect disconnected
pay earnings
choon chun
parliament parliaments
detained detain
notice noticing
scent smell
thrace thracian
earnings gains
earnings gain
muhammed mohamed
often frequently
constant unchangeable
inspires inspire
burleigh burley
ground terrain
renovated renovate
domicile homes
domicile home
finish completed
finished complete
finished completed
finish completing
finish complete
finished completing
cash money
cash moneys
restricted limit
restricted limits
affirming confirming
increases grow
increase grow
kidnap abducted
mohammed muhammad
increases broadens
increase broaden
increase broadening
features featuring
feature featuring
great fantastic
limited constrain
unobstructed unimpeded
major serious
pasquale pascual
upbringing raising
noticing notice
safe secure
humble humbling
haydar hyder
utmost extreme
repressed repress
express expressed
astern aft
thracian thrace
afterwards thereafter
hazard risks
withdrawn withdrawals
withdrawn withdrawal
advising advice
rapacious voracious
muhammad mohammad
highlight underlines
highlight underline
highlights underlines
highlights underline
prioritize prioritizing
dramatic spectacular
unique exceptional
underlines highlight
underline highlight
underlines highlights
underline highlights
humanities arts
brits british
totaled aggregate
total aggregate
totalled aggregate
someone somebody
focus spotlight
limited limitation
limited limitations
diabolic devilish
personnel employees
personnel employee
particularly specifically
attentiveness focus
reduces lowers
enormous huge
unjust unfair
reduce decreased
distinction differentiation
administered administer
hyder haydar
somebody someone
formulae formula
portrayal depiction
organizations agencies
describe outlines
describe outline
details clarification
black negro
usually typically
huge big
thereby thus
essentially basically
confirming affirming
establishments institutions
decrease reduction
decreased reduction
headquarters headquarter
principally predominantly
speed velocity
barriers impediments
barriers impediment
barrier impediment
barrier impediments
secure safe
sponsorship patronage
declarations declaration
big huge
review inspect
reviews inspect
tangible concrete
increase augmentation
increases augmentation
deadline timeline
responsibility duty
collateral guaranty
voracious rapacious
smell scent
extreme utmost
finding conclusions
finding conclusion
muhammed muhammad
kean keene
pointless useless
vacuum void
emphasize stressing
destiny destino
pitiless remorseless
unfortunate regrettable
diabolic evil
expensive costly
impede hampers
impedes hamper
impeded hampers
impede hamper
impedes hampers
investigated probe
find found
bountiful generous
continue continuing
download unloading
rises hikes
rises hike
rise hikes
rise hike
harvesting reaping
link linking
past former
problem issue
aid aids
headway progression
dominant prevailing
differentiation distinction
dash hyphen
cristina christina
improper undue
covertly surreptitiously
stressing emphasize
own owned
super great
prioritizing prioritize
legal lawful
complicate intricate
route routed
custody detention
serious grievous
aboriginal indigenous
susana susannah
processes processed
process processed
communicate communicated
gross flagrant
rounded round
hotter warmer
reinforces strengthens
teens adolescents
goodbye adieu
underage minors
craziness crazy
onset beginning
susannah susana
onset beginnings
forwarded transmitted
unfair unjust
cost prices
tight close
cost price
aggregate totaled
aggregate total
aggregate totalled
preventative protective
predominantly principally
smooth seamless
caro karo
use utilizes
uses utilizes
highest maxima
highest maximum
calling call
reconstruct rebuilding
limitation limited
flushing flush
limitations limited
display exhibit
mohammad muhammad
typically usually
fake counterfeit
specter spectre
rapid expeditious
rapids expeditious
clarification details
sneaking sneak
upload uploads
capacity proficiency
capacities proficiency
calamity disasters
calamity disaster
emotionally romantically
analysis analytic
analyses analytic
cut slice
disputes differences
dispute differences
dispute difference
disputes difference
aisha ayse
spend expenditures
spend expenditure
toh teh
strangling strangulation
awesome super
netted net
hi howdy
forgery counterfeit
anglers fishers
anglers fisher
angler fisher
angler fishers
often frequently
blooming bloom
magnificence splendor
writing write
mainly predominantly
chap lad
moist humid
improper bad
withdrawal withdraw
firebrand fiery
unimpeded unobstructed
nathalie natalie
realise realising
focus orientate
parasitic parasite
super awesome
parasite parasitic
done finished
negligence negligent
exterior outside
wine vino
restarting rebooting
widened expand
shut close
support helps
support help
best improved
better improved
good improved
mostly predominantly
shortly soon
statistical statistics
mighty powerful
cooperate cooperating
strengthens reinforces
transmitted forwarded
advance rise
positive favorable
outdated stale
cary carey
carbonate carbonated
outside exterior
initiating launch
initiating launches
devilish diabolic
realising realise
appoints nominates
primarily chiefly
touching touch
variance gaps
variance gap
returns restoration
enjoy enjoying
return restoration
deletion eliminations
deletion elimination
close near
serious major
happy joyful
responsible accountable
muhammad mohammed
balances balance
photographs pictures
seamless smooth
marko marco
prices cost
price cost
flee fled
final last
flagged flag
fused fuse
lexy lexie
font typeface
rejoice rejoicing
owing due
hodgepodge mishmash
prevailing dominant
halfway midway
cooperation collaborated
reinforced strengthened
mad insane
spotlight focus
expeditious rapid
expeditious rapids
law act
madness folly
duty responsibility
thank gratitude
aft astern
balance balances
alternative surrogate
support help
supports helps
support helps
supports help
want wanna
hotchpotch hodgepodge
unremarkable ordinary
altered changes
altered change
hyphen dash
statistics statistical
retour return
retour returns
inoculated vaccinated
reliable credible
preemptive preventative
booked reserved
muhammad muhammed
minor lesser
exceptional unique
nook corner
mishmash hodgepodge
dishonour dishonor
place placing
jammu gamo
bad amiss
humid moist
contaminate infect
near vicinity
muhammed mohamed
fatherland motherland
christina cristina
cap ceiling
cap ceilings
caps ceilings
caps ceiling
reselling resale
frequently often
fabulous super
reserved booked
maxima highest
maximum highest
nominates appoints
warmer hotter
minimal minimum
super fabulous
last final
assessments evaluated
assessment evaluated
unstable instability
disasters calamity
disaster calamity
completed finish
complete finished
completed finished
completing finish
complete finish
completing finished
dear honey
dearest honey
slice cut
guangzhou canton
sneak sneaking
differences disputes
differences dispute
difference dispute
difference disputes
clever adroit
mohamed muhammed
permitting permit
righteous just
linking link
rapid expedited
adjustments modification
adjustment modifications
adjustment modification
adjustments modifications
defensive protective
vaccinated inoculated
resale reselling
minors underage
supersedes replace
crazy craziness
found find
prohibiting banning
overnight nightly
toilet washroom
mixtures blend
facilitate facilitates
intake consumption
proceed proceeding
unloading download
mundane worldly
throttle accelerator
unfavourable negative
guys boy
guy boy
guys boys
beautiful splendid
withdrawals withdrawn
withdrawal withdrawn
vitriolic virulent
fled flee
marco marko
institutions establishments
boy guys
boy guy
boys guys
expeditiously quick
aids aid
british brits
long lengthy
bill invoices
bills invoice
bill invoice
bills invoices
cancel cancelled
formulation formulate
pajamas jammies
footnotes footnote
whipping flogging
upsetting upset
injured wound
center facility
centers facility
finished complete
enfant child
unrest disorder
unrest disorders
bad shitty
amazing stunning
responsibilities liable
impulse impetus
amateurish unprofessional
enlarging expansion
packet package
exhibit display
escalating escalate
ecologist environmentalist
earlier previously
arno arnaud
prophylactic preventative
wounded wound
wounded wounds
lubricant lube
vision sight
frequently often
forwarded sent
abducted kidnap
sacked fired
adieu goodbye
pertaining relating
deductible allowable
weaken weakened
awful dreadful
jimi jimmie
rites ritual
rite ritual
erstwhile past
sweeping sweep
daemon demon
tyrannous tyrannical
badge insignia
considerations consideration
construct constructed
constructs constructed
thoroughly carefully
awaited expected
honey babe
escalate escalating
fishers anglers
fisher anglers
fisher angler
fishers angler
hereinafter hereafter
proper appropriate
prophylactic preventive
motivated motivate
reynaud renaud
consequently accordingly
responsible liable
allow enables
rotate rotating
call calling
emphasize emphasise
susie suzy
spark ignite
rise rebound
reverse invert
perpetuity forever
anybody somebody
cleft fissure
drifting drift
detention custody
just righteous
modification adjustments
modifications adjustment
modification adjustment
modifications adjustments
peril hazard
peril hazards
earlier preceding
unpaid outstanding
regrettable unfortunate
organisation organizations
surrogate alternative
behaviour behavior
typeface font
forever perpetuity
hello howdy
hellos howdy
money cash
moneys cash
share communicate
environmentalist ecologist
great super
conclusions finding
conclusion finding
download unloading
joyful happy
analysis analyses
rectify correcting
responsibilities obligation
responsibilities obligations
responsibility obligation
responsibility obligations
splendid beautiful
nil zero
vicinity near
finished done
captives prisoners
preceding earlier
progression headway
compensate compensating
compliance conformity
landowners landlord
landowner landlord
shia shiite
risky hazardous
impediments barriers
impediment barriers
impediment barrier
impediments barrier
proclaims declares
commences start
commences starts
wild savage
magnificence splendour
ordinary unremarkable
closure closing
stunning amazing
simpler simple
boy boys
super excellent
placing place
eliminations deletion
elimination deletion
accelerator throttle
visualize display
deferment suspensions
deferment suspension
outside exterior
tb tuberculosis
allowable deductible
renovate renovated
sire lord
weird bizarre
zero nil
protective defensive
declined decrease
declined decreased
decline decrease
declines decreased
decline decreased
dismissed rejected
raze bulldoze
evil baleful
emphasized underline
emphasized underlines
demon daemon
ferro vero
km kilometre
emphasise emphasize
previously earlier
areas regions
cristina christina
sustained persistent
people peuple
brave plucky
audit verification
facility center
facility centers
assemblage assembly
send sent
restoration returns
carey cary
restoration return
focus attentiveness
predominantly mainly
renaud reynaud
declares proclaims
fired sacked
bloom blooming
motherland fatherland
referencing reference
zero nil
assessment evaluations
nice pleasant
annul cancel
annul cancelled
annul canceled
annulled cancel
annulled cancelled
annulled canceled
communal collective
expected awaited
choose select
averaging average
averaging averages
hazard peril
hazards peril
generous bountiful
past yesteryear
permit permitting
magnificently marvellously
rejoicing rejoice
confirmed confirm
washroom toilet
unscramble decode
negative unfavourable
preventative prophylactic
wound wounded
wounds wounded
persistent sustained
accordingly consequently
spectre specter
nurturing nurture
rafik rafiq
severe extreme
launch initiating
launches initiating
marvellously magnificently
decrease declined
decreased declined
decrease decline
decreased declines
decreased decline
minimum minimal
commissioners commissioner
rafiq rafik
shiver tremble
officer officers
visualize view
medal decoration
medals decoration
medal decorations
medals decorations
uphold safeguard
rejected dismissed
disorder unrest
disorders unrest
predominantly principally
compensating compensate
net netted
practicing practise
illegally unlawful
mistake mistaken
vero ferro
inconsistency inconsistencies
unprofessional amateurish
advisor counsellor
bluntness directness
void null
koo ku
negligent negligence
fissure cleft
humbling humble
correcting rectify
chik chek
rivalry competition
duc dok
principally predominantly
diseases illness
risks hazard
link linking
relating pertaining
return retour
returns retour
ignored overlooked
ceiling cap
ceilings cap
ceilings caps
ceiling caps
chek chik
astern backward
concord harmony
fantastic great
view visualize
killy kiley
mainly predominantly
declaration declarations
covert clandestine
bizarre weird
unhappy miserable
footnote footnotes
karl carl
devilish diabolical
lad chap
fiberglass fibreglass
somebody anybody
round rounded
boys boy
close tight
apparel garments
revision revising
predominantly mostly
instability unstable
keene kean
coastal onshore
graduated graduate
unloading download
fond like
deleting delete
officers officer
hormonal hormone
peaceful nonviolent
kiley killy
prisoners captives
improved best
improved better
improved good
groundwork foundation
groundwork foundations
relax relaxed
select choose
expand widened
splendour magnificence
decode unscramble
tries attempt
try attempt
tries attempts
simpler simple
null void
anyhow anyway
sweep sweeping
conformity compliance
vicinity neighborhood
extreme severe
faster fast
lexie lexy
neighborhood vicinity
oversight supervisory
expenditures spend
expenditure spend
complements complement
chiefly principally
credible reliable
virulent vitriolic
worsen worsening
average averaging
averages averaging
counterfeit forgery
belonging belong
chairman chairperson
obtain attain
preventive prophylactic
crazed demented
strengthened reinforced
foster adoptive
sir sirs
suspensions deferment
suspension deferment
splendor magnificence
savage wild
circa approx
counts count
new novel
revising revision
honey dear
honey dearest
decoration medal
decoration medals
decorations medal
decorations medals
organize organizing
flagrant gross
reveal uncovers
powerful mighty
miserable unhappy
cooperation collaborate
complement complements
hindered impede
hinder impede
hindered impeded
bravery courage
suliman slimane
international worldwide
lord sire
bn billions
bn billion
willy willie
arrange organize
rotating rotate
shitty bad
good exemplary
best exemplary
phony fake
agencies organizations
competition rivalry
measure steps
measures steps
steal stolen
examines examine
length duration
cops policeman
cops policemen
cop policeman
cop policemen
astern aft
monitoring supervise
overlooked ignored
triumphant triumphal
advice tips
advice tip
biologic biological
dwarf midget
stolen steal
count counts
administer administered
consideration considerations
cervix cervical
withdrawal withdrawing
drift drifting
preventative preemptive
impede hindered
impede hinder
impeded hindered
recognise recognized
tyrannical tyrannous
quick expeditiously
nil null
anyplace anywhere
carefully thoroughly
actions activities
enacting enact
savagely cruelly
harvested harvest
old elderly
dictates dictation
dictate dictation
sent send
annul rescind
calibrated calibrate
renegade apostate
discontinue end
midget dwarf
oversee monitoring
analyses analysis
groovy super
cancel annul
cancelled annul
canceled annul
cancel annulled
cancelled annulled
canceled annulled
super groovy
triumphal triumphant
beginning onset
beginnings onset
aim purpose
bundles packet
bundle packet
bundles packets
bundle packets
freelance independent
apostate renegade
carl karl
emphasized highlight
emphasize highlight
emphasized highlighting
emphasize highlighted
emphasized highlights
emphasized highlighted
assembly assemblage
skilled adroit
indicate denotes
group collectivity
fragile delicate
unusually unseasonably
respiration breath
insignia badge
corner nook
predominantly mainly
umbridge dogville
rebound rise
shelled shell
dreadful awful
shiite shia
see behold
leveraged leverage
highlight emphasized
highlight emphasize
highlighting emphasized
highlighted emphasize
highlights emphasized
highlighted emphasized
recognize acknowledgement
arnaud arno
czechoslovak czechoslovakian
mohamed muhammed
limitations restrictions
huge significant
shrink decrease
packet bundles
packet bundle
packets bundles
packets bundle
collective communal
fiery firebrand
chairperson chairman
indispensable essential
intricate complicate
finish complete
coherent consistent
sickness disease
use using
wide broad
tranquilizer tranquilliser
formula formulae
hungarian magyar
formulate formulation
behold see
review examination
chairs chair
features characteristic
gracefully tactfully
approx circa
celebrity famous
celebrities famous
goodbye adieu
intervening interfering
impacted impact
body bodies
expand broadening
expand broadened
expand broaden
expanded broadening
expanded broadened
expanded broaden
talks conversations
talks conversation
attain obtain
remorseless pitiless
past preceding
confirm confirmed
impetus impulse
prognosis forecast
prognosis forecasts
outstanding unpaid
seek strive
directness bluntness
steady continuous
cleaning cleansing
demented crazed
present presents
organizing organize
slimane suliman
replies answers
obtain attain
reduces reduce
definitely clearly
flogging whipping
tremble shiver
utilizes use
utilizes uses
display visualize
cases instances
yummy delicious
other different
commissioner commissioners
regions areas
hurst hearst
safeguard uphold
velocity speed
characteristic features
consumption intake
past erstwhile
teach taught
insane mad
dogville umbridge
redefined redefine
recall recalling
recalls recalling
nil zero
fast faster
boat vessel
diabolical devilish
initial introductory
initials introductory
typical normal
ritual rites
ritual rite
tobe taub
undetectable imperceptible
expenditures spend
expenditure spend
essential indispensable
recalling recall
recalling recalls
imperceptible undetectable
hampers hinders
hampers hinder
hamper hinders
hamper hinder
lymphatic lymph
rise advance
highest supreme
biological biologic
indicates indicate
minor underage
falls fall
aghast distraught
complete finished
vaughn vaughan
suzy susy
interfering intervening
bulldoze raze
anyplace anywhere
suzy susie
commonly generally
normal typical
consistent coherent
ending termination
landlord landowners
landlord landowner
dock wharf
sons fils
son fils
pleasant nice
expressed express
expressed expresses
broadening expand
broadened expand
broaden expand
broadening expanded
broadened expanded
broaden expanded
quiz interrogates
lease leasing
leases leasing
quizzes interrogates
lawd lord
anyway anyhow
uncovers reveal
former past
matilda matilde
billed bill
disease sickness
rescind annul
hazardous risky
deviations departures
deviation departure
cases lawsuits
cases lawsuit
case lawsuit
tranquilliser tranquilizer
attain obtain
lead advances
lead advance
empathetic empathy
scores dozens
package packet
yup yep
prohibiting prohibited
relieve relieving
harmony concord
evaluations assessment
delicate fragile
alertness vigilance
prohibited prohibiting
suitcases baggages
principally chiefly
acknowledgement recognize
liberate freeing
withdrawing withdrawal
fulfill fulfil
fibreglass fiberglass
presents present
cristiano christiano
simple simpler
unseasonably unusually
stressed emphasized
willie willy
banishment deportations
banishment deportation
regulation ordinance
null nil
approx around
invincible unbeatable
unbeatable invincible
organize arrange
cooperating cooperate
concluding conclude
relaxed relax
nikki nicky
expansion expand
children infantile
child infantile
supervise monitoring
ignite spark
marvellously amazingly
forecast prognosis
forecasts prognosis
clandestine covert
results findings
result findings
native indigenous
tactfully gracefully
courage bravery
belong belonging
enables allow
conclude concluding
instances cases
lawsuits cases
lawsuit cases
lawsuit case
alien aliens
originally initially
enchanted delighted
lovely splendid
hearst hurst
careful detailed
restrictions limitations
cervical cervix
bend curve
examine examines
motivate motivated
susy suzy
dips fall
dip fall
permanently constantly
vaughan vaughn
replace supersedes
muni mooney
verification audit
constantly permanently
injury injures
gaps deficiency
gaps deficiencies
gap deficiency
gap deficiencies
clearly definitely
asks ask
veg vegetable
veg vegetables
ire wrath
ask asks
truly genuinely
answers replies
giddy dizzying
emphasized stressed
introductory initial
introductory initials
lymph lymphatic
reduce reduces
relieving relieve
minor smaller
built constructed
hays hayes
usable serviceable
work collaborate
disclose disclosing
start launch
shafer schaefer
strive seek
activities actions
misused misuse
shell shelled
bury buried
counterfeit fake
night nocturnal
yep yup
patriarchy patriarchal
stunning stun
outsource outsourcing
taught teach
filed file
primarily predominantly
hinders hampers
hinder hampers
hinders hamper
hinder hamper
efficacy efficiency
bad naughty
merge combine
organizations agencies
lodge lodging
using use
anywhere anyplace
counsellor advisor
terrific excellent
analyze analysis
terrific wonderful
surrogate replacement
pointing indicating
replacement surrogate
approved endorsed
organizations organisation
initially originally
amazingly marvellously
odd unusual
patriarchal patriarchy
conception vision
duration length
frighten terrify
anybody somebody
predominantly primarily
communicate share
highlighted emphasized
purpose aim
fuse fused
jimmie jimi
monitors oversees
monitor oversees
vanished disappear
dozens scores
prohibit banning
amazing impressive
altered alter
like fond
log checkin
origin beginning
stun stunning
crawling crawl
show spectacle
vicinity neighbourhood
lodging lodge
valor valour
marti marty
simple simpler
tit boob
gratitude thank
defrosting defrost
empathy empathetic
requisite necessary
sexy exciting
child enfant
withdrawn withdraw
disclosing disclose
provides prescribes
swift speedy
examination review
hiding concealment
midway halfway
decrease shrink
nutrient nutritious
solve resolving
termination ending
boiler furnace
timeline timetable
select choose
varying differing
exemplary good
exemplary best
improper unsuited
generally commonly
rush hurry
illness disease
continuous steady
emphasized highlighted
exciting fascinating
underage minor
worsening worsen
file filed
invoices bill
invoice bills
invoice bill
invoices bills
weak puny
departures deviations
departure deviation
choose select
save rescuing
leasing lease
leasing leases
calibrate calibrated
brave courageous
wanna want
furnace boiler
disrupting disrupt
express expressed
expresses expressed
foolish stupid
highlights highlight
prescribes provides
tough harsh
arrogant overbearing
somebody anybody
quieter quiet
adoptive foster
associating associate
pacific peaceful
vigilance alertness
oversee supervise
preceding past
donuts doughnut
donut doughnut
crin horsehair
indicate indicates
booklet brochure
honey sweetie
christiano cristiano
inconsistencies inconsistency
strangulation strangling
fascinating exciting
ground reasons
ground reason
complete finish
bases basis
base basis
rise advance
widens broadens
cases instance
lengthy long
odd weird
detailed careful
nero niro
packet package
nearby vicinity
admissible permissible
enact enacting
upward rising
stupid foolish
hence consequently
inhale breathe
supervisory oversight
curve bend
checkin log
reasons ground
reason ground
vegetable veg
vegetables veg
furnishes provide
different other
reserved reserve
rina reyna
supreme highest
nutritious nutrient
disease illness
specifically particularly
goods commodity
good commodity
launch start
false fraudulent
permissible admissible
manual handbook
continuing continued
act law
reinforces strengthens
hayes hays
ordinance regulations
root origin
allowable permissible
tagged tag
delicious yummy
aliens alien
send sent
chun choon
harsh tough
crawl crawling
uninterested indifferent
around approx
fall falls
adolescents teens
gravely seriously
comeback return
comeback returns
recognized recognise
vision conception
unique particular
nocturnal night
bundled bundles
bundled bundle
highlight highlights
marty marti
appendage appendix
justify justified
interference intervention
anywhere anyplace
wrecking wreck
muhammed mohammad
vessel boat
advances lead
advance lead
excellent terrific
cee eec
monitoring supervise
endorsed approved
dear beloved
fast faster
excellent super
nicky nikki
fake phony
enough sufficient
expansion enlarging
scarce shortages
scarce shortage
brawl quarrel
instantaneous snapshot
match teaming
bad evil
naughty bad
distinct different
boob tit
then thereafter
consequently therefore
taub tobe
attempt tries
attempt try
attempts tries
famous celebrity
famous celebrities
beginning origin
efficiency efficacy
advocate advocating
genuinely truly
populated populate
hassan hussain
twin dual
protecting safeguards
protected safeguard
protect safeguard
protected safeguards
protecting safeguard
protect safeguards
teresa theresa
advance rise
judi jodie
munition ordnance
munitions ordnance
advocating advocate
exploring investigate
wharf dock
cancel revoke
brochure booklet
hussain hassan
continued continuing
monitoring oversee
return comeback
returns comeback
disappear vanished
informs inform
valour valor
associate associating
annul rescind
alternate alternative
melt molten
leverage leveraged
theresa teresa
advisable preferable
therefore consequently
hazard jeopardy
hazards jeopardy
justified justify
invalidate nullify
preferable advisable
rigorous stringent
lastly finally
banning prohibit
trimming trim
cruelly savagely
especial particular
unique particular
sloping slope
oversees oversee
differing varying
neighbourhood vicinity
serviceable usable
steps measure
steps measures
tag tagged
buried bury
deftly skilfully
uplifting uplift
flag flagged
idiosyncratic characteristic
bosun boatswain
handbook manual
length duration
hinder hamper
hindered hamper
snapshot instantaneous
kind sort
infuriated enraged
reduction decrease
reduction decreased
significant huge
mercantile commercial
peaceful pacific
warming warm
clew scandalize
indicating pointing
order decree
ordered decreed
imitation impersonation
splendid lovely
revoke cancel
hamper hinder
hamper hindered
recovering recover
chair chairs
sweetie honey
beside alongside
marry matrimony
departed deceased
review examination
backward astern
redeploy redistribute
fils sons
fils son
strengthens reinforces
supervise oversee
bribery corruption
lunatic crazy
kilometre km
riley reilly
oversee oversees
constructed built
mohamed muhammad
companion comrade
reboot restart
experimenting experiment
facility installations
open opens
seriously gravely
redefine redefined
continue continuous
continued continuous
roza rosa
tumble fall
replicated replicate
tumbles fall
faster fast
reconciled reconcile
earnings pay
wonderful terrific
string chain
inform informs
analysis analyze
hefty massive
finally lastly
enduring persistent
spectacle show
disease illnesses
outline synopsis
injures injury
evil bad
fall dips
fall dip
nullify invalidate
closing closure
bill billed
jodie judi
continuous continue
continuous continued
fall tumble
fall tumbles
permissible allowable
distraught aghast
shortages scarce
shortage scarce
swift expeditiously
lindsay lindsey
smaller minor
rises rising
rise rising
unknown unspecified
rosa roza
defrost defrosting
super awesome
comrade companion
delightful pleasant
instance cases
vital indispensable
changes altered
change altered
expeditiously quick
doherty dougherty
garments apparel
rising upward
coalmine colliery
puerile childish
acquired acquire
ordinance regulation
billions bn
billion bn
bad evil
grouped group
impressive amazing
safeguards protecting
safeguard protected
safeguard protect
safeguards protected
safeguard protecting
safeguards protect
slope sloping
ok okay
transitory temporary
bad faulty
oversee supervises
breathe inhale
investigate exploring
capacities capabilities
capacities capability
capacity capability
capacity capabilities
regulatory regulation
hurrah hooray
policeman cops
policemen cops
policeman cop
policemen cop
upright vertical
various different
details clarification
yearly annual
clarification details
delighted enchanted
preemptive preventive
advance rise
incorporates includes
includes incorporates
gagging silencing
evil bad
particularly specifically
unstable instability
liaise communicate
enhances reinforces
unlawful illegally
oversees monitors
oversees monitor
impersonation imitation
particular especial
lindsey lindsay
beloved dear
commodity goods
commodity good
dwelling habitation
collaborate work
uplift uplifting
disrupt disrupting
enjoying enjoy
jobless unemployment
rise raises
rises raises
rise raise
rises raise
amazingly surprisingly
molten melt
wound injured
alter altered
timetable timeline
colliery coalmine
closure closing
snip clipping
sort kind
potency effectiveness
pacification peace
curing cure
hooray hurrah
muhammad mohamed
savage brutal
peculiar specific
successive subsequent
classic typical
crazy lunatic
reyna rina
categorize classify
sent send
decree order
decreed ordered
intervention interference
rises rising
rise rising
hurry rush
hitter batsman
deceased departed
different various
misuse misused
teaming match
cancel abolish
bravely fearlessly
discovering detecting
withdraw withdrawn
celebrated commemorated
speedy swift
demon devil
commenced commence
stamping stamp
pleasant delightful
cancelling annulment
doughnut donuts
oversee monitoring
doughnut donut
governance management
fearlessly bravely
alright good
alright goods
branch subdivision
alerted alert
changeable variable
marked mark
summarized summarize
checkin logs
checkin log
regulation regulatory
elderly old
known familiar
schooling school
capabilities capacities
capability capacities
capability capacity
capabilities capacity
alternative alternate
unspecified unknown
basis bases
basis base
rescind annul
stop ceasing
root origins
root origin
cookie biscuit
resolving solve
graduate graduated
outline outlining
habitation dwelling
tomas thomas
speedy swift
gain increase
gains increases
gains increase
gain increases
foundation groundwork
foundations groundwork
wreck wrecking
eec cee
rescuing save
inspections inspection
file filing
counterterrorism antiterrorist
cesar caesar
cuddle snuggle
outlay expenditures
outlay expenditure
childish puerile
subdivision branch
matrimony wedlock
boatswain bosun
collaborate cooperation
biscuit cookie
quiet quieter
jailed imprisoned
package packet
pamper coddle
provide furnishes
redistribute redeploy
maybe perhaps
tuberculosis tb
surpasses exceeds
jeopardy hazard
jeopardy hazards
exceeded exceed
sleepiness sleeplessness
hygienic sanitary
trend tendency
firenze florencia
impact impacted
browse search
peace pacification
niro nero
enigma riddle
subsequent successive
wealth riches
happiest happy
management governance
dual twin
emphasize emphasizing
inspection inspections
safe secure
void vacuum
good merchandise
goods merchandise
cancel rescind
combine merge
accolade tribute
unlawful illegitimate
matrimony marriage
stringent rigorous
delete deleting
wrath ire
organisation organizations
humanistic humanitarian
underage juveniles
underage juvenile
continuous sustained
zone area
expand expansion
fake bogus
flourishing flourish
joint collective
trim trimming
classify categorize
courageous brave
snuggle cuddle
synopsis outline
broadened expand
broadens widens
ha has
ha had
ha have
weird odd
violate violating
toppling overthrow
annulment cancelling
impotent powerless
super peachy
detecting discovering
riddle enigma
obscurely vaguely
negro nigger
imposed impose
payback vengeance
ship vessel
annual yearly
bemused perplexed
stipulate stipulated
matilde matilda
okay ok
horsehair crin
mild gentle
enraged infuriated
bom boum
vicinity nearby
familiar known
fulfil fulfill
happy happiest
reilly riley
emphasizing emphasize
appendix appendage
subtract deduct
sustained continuous
indigenous native
enforce enforcing
peachy super
photos pictures
matrimony marry
kohen cohan
rising rises
rising rise
overthrow toppling
fraudulent false
reinforces enhances
brutal savage
louie louis
continual sustained
dougherty doherty
findings results
findings result
rescind cancel
habituated accustomed
bodies body
warm warming
caesar cesar
enlarge expand
bundles bundled
bundle bundled
mohammad muhammed
raise raising
motif motive
presume suppose
populate populated
secure safe
surprisingly amazingly
corruption bribery
truly genuinely
constant continued
area zone
mainly predominantly
leticia letitia
judicial judiciary
combatant fighters
motive reasons
motives reasons
motive reason
wedlock matrimony
rises surging
rise surging
famed famous
chain string
specific peculiar
raises rise
raises rises
raise rise
raise rises
nigger negro
placid peaceful
devil demon
wants wanna
want wanna
lord lawd
sufficient enough
dual twofold
experiment experimenting
enjoy enjoying
home dwellings
home dwelling
homes dwellings
homes dwelling
feature characteristic
turgid bombastic
upset upsetting
temporary transitory
flourish flourishing
collective joint
coddle pamper
merchandise good
merchandise goods
grasp grasping
integrates incorporates
wet moist
hideously horribly
comandante commandant
usual ordinary
exciting sexy
logs checkin
log checkin
zero zeroed
sleeplessness sleepiness
origin root
massive hefty
postage postal
tendency trend
enforcing enforce
aghast dismayed
deduct subtract
lease rental
leases rental
holland netherlands
stamp stamping
deficiency gaps
deficiencies gaps
deficiency gap
deficiencies gap
over finished
liable accountable
odd weird
silencing gagging
unusual odd
depot storehouse
arrange organize
expressing express
expressing expresses
freeing release
cooperate collaboration
cooperated collaboration
odd strange
mainly predominantly
haemorrhage haemorrhaging
preventive preemptive
bonded bond
lui loy
doble double
changeover transition
vaguely obscurely
match couple
thereafter then
reasons motive
reasons motives
reason motive
examination review
persistent enduring
horribly hideously
grasping grasp
outlining outline
nik nick
replicate replicated
assured assure
odor odour
maintain retain
illegal unlawfully
janeane janine
independent freelance
speedily expeditiously
loy lui
hard challenging
liable responsible
duration length
strangulation throttling
widens expand
concedes recognizes
search browse
aims purposes
aims purpose
aim purpose
executive administrative
anyone anybody
rina rena
ece eec
repealed rescinded
learns learn
pictures photos
schedule timetable
has ha
had ha
have ha
thus consequently
other various
stunned dumbfounded
awesome super
couple match
rena rina
marcella marcela
schaefer shafer
typical classic
perplexed bemused
disposes dispose
directs direct
particular unique
callous heartless
rising rises
rising rise
restart reboot
stunning splendid
different distinct
transition changeover
rescinded repealed
broad wide
communicate liaise
monitoring oversee
stipulated stipulate
rearing raising
unlawfully illegally
powerless impotent
cut slice
dizzying giddy
summarize summarized
abolish cancel
quarrel brawl
quick rapid
rental lease
rental leases
straightaway immediately
obligatory mandatory
consequently hence
anybody anyone
school schooling
cohan kohen
commemorated celebrated
unlawfully illegal
bogus fake
warning cautionary
warnings cautionary
pamphlet brochure
interrogate interrogating
steady firm
turnout participation
cancel revoke
swift speedy
angered anger
lawsuit issue
lawsuit issues
lawsuits issues
throttling strangulation
commence commenced
whole overall
exceed exceeded
vengeance payback
eec ece
deftly skillfully
marcela marcella
necessary requisite
exceeds surpasses
raising rearing
cure curing
origins background
origin background
mark marked
regulations ordinance
skilfully deftly
nauseating sickening
variable changeable
reference referencing
mortal fatal
inbound inward
suppose presume
revolt rebels
revolt rebel
perhaps maybe
raising raise
accustomed habituated
illegitimate unlawful
dearest dear
bombastic turgid
turnout participation
zeroed zero
beloved honey
false wrong
nearer closer
surging rises
surging rise
organize arrange
alongside beside
mad crazy
publicize publicized
particular unique
perform fulfil
ackermann ackerman
revoke cancel
inward inbound
custody detention
excelent excellent
haemorrhaging haemorrhage
vertical upright
pardon amnesty
gentle mild
acquire acquired
batsman hitter
firm steady
thomas tomas
alert alerted
commercial mercantile
vetting assessment
expand widens
injured wound
inbound incoming
correct accurate
commandant comandante
scandalize clew
juveniles underage
juvenile underage
predominantly mainly
utilizes using
mandatory obligatory
therapeutic curative
marriage matrimony
destruction demolition
incorporates integrates
client customer
mixing mixture
woman women
multiple many
asiatic asian
colored colorful
filing file
heartless callous
brochure pamphlet
purify purified
recover recovering
notwithstanding despite
lindsey lindsay
important importance
retrieval recoveries
retrieval recovery
despite notwithstanding
cooperation collaborate
gain increase
tribute acknowledgement
expand enlarge
slice cut
composed consisting
florencia firenze
antiterrorist counterterrorism
clarifies clarification
clarify clarification
sustained continual
shortened abbreviated
revisit review
faulty bad
rebels revolt
rebel revolt
rewarding rewards
rewarding reward
abbreviated shortened
super fantastic
dumbfounded stunned
angered infuriated
recovering recoveries
recovering recovery
twofold dual
supervises oversee
doctor physician
reappear resurface
browse searches
browse search
greatly significantly
predominantly mainly
tortoise turtle
origins root
origin root
year annum
dispose disposes
erica erika
mostly primarily
instability unstable
revisiting revisit
overbearing arrogant
seok sok
reserve reserved
expand broadened
indispensable vital
freddy freddie
aim purpose
aimed purpose
incoming inbound
expense expenditures
reynaud renault
boum bom
illegally unlawfully
timetable schedule
administrative executive
moist wet
using utilizes
dishonor disgrace
group grouped
breach contravene
begun commenced
reside residing
background origins
background origin
infuriated angered
program programmes
maybe perhaps
swifter quicker
lindsay lindsey
many multiple
indifferent uninterested
rapid quick
recoveries recovering
recovery recovering
installations facility
log checkin
demolition destruction
supportive supporting
accurate correct
bogus false
sok seok
commitment pledge
jumbo huge
bond bonded
turtle tortoise
cleansing cleaning
shortened shorten
reconcile reconciled
louis louie
pal buddy
pals buddies
express expressing
expresses expressing
sickening nauseating
lease rental
fall decrease
ask asked
mcarthur macarthur
contravene breach
commenced begun
disturbing worrying
interrogating interrogate
boyish childish
impose imposed
campsite campground
advisor consultant
advisors consultant
advisor consultants
advisors consultants
tomas thomas
wrong improper
mixture mixing
easy easier
protective protection
humanitarian humanistic
effectiveness potency
raises provokes
raise provokes
issue lawsuit
issues lawsuit
issues lawsuits
splendid stunning
immediately straightaway
authorize authorising
choose select
initial introductory
resurface reappear
pom boum
careful prudence
mooney muni
ordinary usual
uncovered discovered
managerial management
misshapen malformed
prompt expeditious
unselfishly selflessly
prudence careful
sanitary hygienic
enlarged expanded
enlarged expand
enlarge expand
enlarge expanded
good alright
goods alright
posterior subsequent
big larger
retain maintain
menace threat
riches wealth
customer client
guide handbook
searches browse
search browse
fatal mortal
fantastic super
altruistic selfless
asked ask
heartless callous
zone area
subtract deduct
expeditiously swift
find found
rebels insurgents
rebel insurgents
storehouse depot
clipping snip
lord master
remembering remember
freddie freddy
fulfil perform
despondent desperate
minor smaller
overdone overblown
clan tribe
approx about
cautionary warning
cautionary warnings
ungodly godless
illnesses disease
letitia leticia
physician doctor
indefensible unjustifiable
selfless altruistic
vacuum void
meddling interfere
usually commonly
improper wrong
women woman
wrong false
mode method
significantly greatly
ideas thoughts
review revisit
honey beloved
select choose
return revert
returned revert
deportations banishment
deportation banishment
purely strictly
harvest harvested
odour odor
reselling resell
campground campsite
selflessly unselfishly
mismatched unmatched
recoveries retrieval
recovery retrieval
killer murderer
introductory initial
detention custody
notable noticeable
weird odd
servitude enslavement
interrogates quiz
interrogates quizzes
authorising authorize
violating violate
useable serviceable
deduct subtract
unmatched mismatched
commonly usually
infinite unlimited
quicker swifter
malformed misshapen
agreeably delightfully
smuggling trafficking
checkin log
molding mold
dear dearest
direct directs
thoughts ideas
rent renting
ceasing stop
various other
fighting combating
fulfilling fulfil
analyse analyzes
vessel ship
threat menace
scrape scraping
wanna wants
wanna want
increase gain
increases gains
increase gains
increases gain
evaluations evaluation
assure assured
acknowledgement recognized
characteristic feature
encode encrypt
unemployment jobless
picture photograph
skillfully deftly
tribe clan
triple tripling
continued constant
settle resolve
motive motif
photograph picture
southward south
shows displays
show display
show displays
shows display
unjustifiable indefensible
canceled rescinded
rescued saved
terminate halt
rejects dismisses
reject dismisses
hofmann hoffmann
delightfully agreeably
collaborates cooperation
hoffmann hofmann
area zone
favouring favour
medium media
replacing replacement
enslavement servitude
management managerial
empathy sympathy
tripling triple
importance important
master lord
famous famed
forthwith immediate
ordnance munition
ordnance munitions
hideously dreadfully
maxima maximum
bans prohibitions
bans prohibition
ban prohibition
ban prohibitions
dreadfully hideously
altered modify
alter modify
alter modified
altered modified
crap bullshit
centered focus
exact correct
replacement replacing
karo carew
shows exposition
show exposition
false bogus
subpoena summons
subpoenas summons
dear honey
photo picture
reassures reassure
renault reynaud
recognized acknowledgement
unashamed insolent
clarification clarifies
clarification clarify
purpose aim
purpose aimed
crazy mad
discovered uncovered
expenditures outlay
expenditure outlay
broadening expand
saved rescued
feverish frenzied
murderer killer
emir amir
fighters combatant
skill proficiency
scraping scrape
found find
retrieved retrieve
purposes aims
purpose aims
purpose aim
amnesty pardon
mate copulate
erika erica
detach separate
disseminate dissemination
centred centre
consisting composed
recognizes concedes
finished over
expanded enlarged
expand enlarged
expand enlarge
expanded enlarge
plunder pillage
muhammed mohammad
attendance participation
imprisoned jailed
pillage plunder
twisty sinuous
info information
info informations
super excellent
strictly purely
worrying disturbing
widely extensively
acknowledgement tribute
purified purify
primarily mostly
sponsoring sponsorship
intent purpose
miss mademoiselle
resolve settle
accountable liable
insolent unashamed
outsourcing outsource
supporting supportive
sponsorship sponsoring
whispering whisper
inside indoors
handbook guide
mold molding
injures injured
privileged privilege
evaluation evaluations
immediate forthwith
interfere meddling
smell odour
cursed damned
dismayed aghast
topic theme
about approx
gorgeous splendid
displays shows
display show
displays show
display shows
collaboration cooperate
collaboration cooperated
rescinded canceled
revert return
revert returned
anger angered
thomas tomas
keeper custodian
exposition shows
exposition show
trimming trim
incredulous sceptical
responsible liable
mutual bilateral
discrete separate
grin smile
conserved preserved
godless ungodly
renting rent
picture photo
wc toilet
surveillance oversight
knocking knock
expeditious prompt
publicized publicize
income revenues
adjustment adaptation
modify altered
modify alter
modified alter
modified altered
widen broadening
overall whole
nick nik
barriers obstruction
barriers obstructions
barrier obstruction
barrier obstructions
roasting roast
unable incapable
checking verification
oversight surveillance
barren sterile
participation turnout
rescind revoke
comprises contains
using utilise
utilise using
beachhead foothold
buddy pal
buddies pals
huge jumbo
bogus false
adaptation adjustment
consequently thus
background context
protection protective
purpose intent
pecuniary money
chiefly predominantly
programmes program
g grams
childish boyish
liberate release
strange odd
ackerman ackermann
correct exact
unlawful illicit
sinuous twisty
closer nearer
serviceable useable
ticking tick
revisit revisiting
dear honey
roast roasting
frenzied feverish
disgrace dishonor
alter modify
great splendid
raise raising
double doble
eyepiece ocular
expedited quick
adieu farewell
revoke rescind
encrypt encode
leave leaving
extra additional
foundations fundamentals
foundation fundamentals
discrete separate
context background
steps measures
weight weigh
wordy verbose
forbid prohibited
slaughtered slaughter
callous heartless
marta martha
wishing wish
comparison comparing
dwellings home
dwelling home
dwellings homes
dwelling homes
theme topic
highlight emphasize
contains comprises
extensively widely
method mode
decrease decline
nature character
nature characters
rescinded repealed
unstrap unfasten
colorful colored
concealment hiding
streamline rationalizing
deductible allowable
cooperation collaborates
imposed impose
decline decrease
shorten shortened
praying pray
volunteers voluntary
engages participates
affirmative favourable
pledge commitment
enjoy experience
sell sold
annum year
main principal
challenging hard
tick ticking
dissemination disseminate
unfasten unstrap
raison reason
fondness tenderness
assessment vetting
rationalizing streamline
constructing build
allowable deductible
meddling intervening
trafficking smuggling
present submits
presents submits
obtains obtain
honey dear
return restoration
dock wharf
sold sell
odour smell
important importance
privilege privileged
consultant advisor
consultant advisors
consultants advisor
consultants advisors
throttling throttle
high highest
damned cursed
copulate mate
usual routine
incapable unable
allocate allot
resell reselling
honey dear
mohammad muhammed
decrease fall
marvellously splendidly
quick expedited
spool reel
analyzes analyse
gorgeous splendid
track rails
tracks rails
sensing sense
modify alter
false incorrect
throttle throttling
routine usual
janine janeane
expansion enlargement
papa daddy
importance important
overblown overdone
participation turnout
pay earnings
ah oh
home habitation
repealed rescinded
foyer vestibule
upgrades modernized
upgrade modernized
splendid gorgeous
splendidly marvellously
subsequent posterior
paused pause
paused pauses
halt terminate
favourable affirmative
ocular eyepiece
cancel invalidate
risk hazards
combating fighting
comprised consisting
whisper whispering
decreasing diminishing
perhaps maybe
babe honey
suse susa
reconcile reconciling
fantastic wonderful
certify certified
prominent important
knock knocking
smaller minor
tb tuberculosis
diminishing decreasing
weigh weight
obstruction barriers
obstructions barriers
obstruction barrier
obstructions barrier
stir provoke
rental lease
voluntary volunteers
usually commonly
reassure reassures
handled handle
sympathy empathy
separate detach
dismisses rejects
dismisses reject
sense sensing
ass arse
provokes raises
provokes raise
increase gain
smile grin
phony false
allot allocate
carew karo
susa suse
remember remembering
kazi qazi
axe ax
wrong erroneous
learn learns
blended blend
soured sour
leases rentals
leases rental
lease rental
lease rentals
solves resolve
analyse analysis
dispose disposing
bright luminous
fundamentals foundations
fundamentals foundation
reconciling reconcile
build constructing
help assistance
character nature
characters nature
formation shaping
separate discrete
swift expeditious
fate destiny
desperate despondent
boum pom
curative therapeutic
daren darren
reel spool
tribute accolade
blanking blank
sterile barren
commonly usually
certified certify
shaping formation
assessment evaluations
chase pursues
chases pursues
hullo hello
focus centered
disbanded dissolved
consisting comprised
pray praying
qazi kazi
martha marta
suppose supposing
proficiency skill
cap chap
separate discrete
dissolved disbanded
commencing start
commencing starts
upbeat optimistic
wired wire
affirming affirm
sour soured
retrieve retrieved
reason raison
supposing suppose
judiciary judicial
honor honour
leaving leave
fought combat
fight combat
fought combating
enlargement expansion
adjustment alteration
adjustments alteration
adjustments alterations
adjustment alterations
media medium
rose increases
rise increasing
rise increased
rise increase
rise increases
rises increased
rises increasing
rises increase
rises increases
verbose wordy
sizeable significant
industrious diligent
oh ah
sedative tranquilliser
collate collating
pushing push
target objective
targeted objective
release freeing
stresses underline
stress underline
stresses underlines
kennan keenan
dispersed disperse
darren daren
extent magnitude
preserved conserved
commute commuting
predominantly chiefly
keenan kennan
recall recalling
baily bailey
release liberate
slaughter slaughtered
disposing dispose
sceptical incredulous
puke vomit
hideaki hideki
cheaper cheap
push pushing
bilateral mutual
scruple compunction
arse ass
donate donating
moonshine moonlight
counselor advisor
consuming consume
expeditiously speedily
interrogated interrogate
maximum maxima
glare glaring
trim trimming
verification checking
brasil brazil
participates engages
unfaithful infidel
flee escape
amir emir
custodian keeper
invalidate cancel
smash smashed
gain obtain
moslem muslims
hard arduous
infidel unfaithful
careful prudent
consume consuming
intervening meddling
reachable accessible
vestibule foyer
fabulous fantastic
start commencing
starts commencing
mademoiselle miss
splendid gorgeous
advisor counselor
often frequently
restoration return
identify identified
notable important
disheartened discouraged
hide hidden
pitiful pathetic
expenditures expense
law legislation
annul revoke
recalling recall
sacked fired
evaluations assessment
genuinely truly
suk seok
expand broadening
participation attendance
analysis analyse
magnitude extent
repetitive repeated
succinct concise
netherlands holland
hidden hide
farewell adieu
uses usage
use usage
overland terrestrial
insurgents rebels
insurgents rebel
part portion
wonderful fantastic
terrific magnificent
nifty snazzy
injured injures
threat jeopardy
bullshit crap
cheap cheaper
revenues income
destiny fate
concise succinct
simla shimla
summons subpoena
summons subpoenas
formal official
matthieu mathieu
hideki hideaki
organizations organisation
dispassionately impartially
programme program
repeat repetition
totally fully
moonlight moonshine
vital essential
noticeable notable
path route
joins participates
join participates
tight close
erroneous wrong
centre centred
shimla simla
affirm affirming
important prominent
undercover secret
unhappy miserable
path route
prudent careful
fantastic fabulous
prospective potential
expand broadening
blend blended
wharf dock
rails track
rails tracks
slows slowing
vomit puke
postal postage
likely probability
fully totally
preserved retained
grain cereals
tech technologies
techs technology
tech technology
techs technologies
honour honor
hard challenging
donating donate
measures steps
modernized upgrades
modernized upgrade
same identical
rewards rewarding
reward rewarding
debated discussed
vanishes disappears
easier easy
rentals leasing
rental leasing
simple uncomplicated
excellent super
pathetic pitiful
worry disturb
information info
informations info
applauds commends
combat fought
combat fight
combating fought
tranquilliser sedative
repeated repetitive
unluckily unfortunately
commuting commute
oversee supervised
indoors inside
undercover clandestine
untested inexperienced
cancel abolish
discovering detecting
principal main
awakening awaken
finished complete
dimitry dimitri
party parties
highest high
ultra super
route path
uncomplicated simple
horrible dreadful
experience enjoy
impose imposed
weak frail
discussed debated
south southward
miserable unhappy
fabulous splendid
aborting abort
global worldwide
rentals leases
rental leases
rental lease
rentals lease
daddy papa
discouraged disheartened
ax axe
guerilla guerrilla
negates denies
expeditious swift
usage use
pleasing gratifying
detecting discovering
super excellent
attendance involvement
keeper custodian
bai baek
evil wicked
money pecuniary
overthrown overthrow
disturb worry
charting mapping
scared scare
tenderness fondness
magnificent terrific
chop cut
escape flee
usage uses
usage use
apologizing apologize
juridical judicial
revoke annul
raising raise
portion part
combat fighting
smashed smash
warlike belligerent
hazards risk
wider wide
deepens deepen
residue residual
official formal
terminate terminates
cut chop
good alright
supervised oversee
burn incinerate
peaceful placid
significant sizeable
incorrect false
snazzy nifty
submits present
submits presents
frail weak
weeping weep
probability likely
alright good
disperse dispersed
debasement degradation
subtitling subtitle
habitation home
larger big
hotter hot
interrogate interrogated
funds finances
frequently often
chap cap
dreadful horrible
jeopardy threat
foreigner foreigners
terrestrial overland
prohibitions bans
prohibition bans
prohibition ban
prohibitions ban
changeable volatile
volatile changeable
honey babe
arduous hard
obtain gain
bn bln
tally count
characteristic idiosyncratic
identified identify
underline stresses
underline stress
underlines stresses
dear honey
seek sought
seeks sought
macarthur mcarthur
impartially dispassionately
weep weeping
additional extra
mapping charting
count tally
mala bad
route path
crackheads hopheads
diligent industrious
retained preserved
bold courageous
bad mala
skipper captain
fighting combat
behold see
disposed dispose
route road
potential prospective
alteration adjustment
alteration adjustments
alterations adjustments
alterations adjustment
important notable
residual residue
awful dreadful
merchandise product
merchandise products
twister tornado
scare scared
triggering trigger
homemaker housewife
complete finished
accessible reachable
belligerent warlike
baffled bemused
remanded remand
illicit unlawful
denies negates
safely securely
apologize apologizing
residing reside
appraising assessing
noxious hazardous
male men
objective target
objective targeted
man mens
scent odour
blank blanking
customer clients
see behold
hopheads crackheads
vagrant vagabond
hodgepodge patchwork
men male
compunction scruple
product merchandise
products merchandise
satisfy satisfied
exacting exact
essential vital
inexperienced untested
housewife homemaker
enough sufficiently
wide wider
sit sits
guerrilla guerilla
facility installation
lord master
finances funds
super ultra
native indigenous
leasing rentals
leasing rental
lighthouse beacon
lighthouse beacons
lighthouses beacons
reconfirm affirm
pause paused
pauses paused
nauseating revolting
jessy jessie
road route
vagabond vagrant
harsh difficult
program programme
peculiar special
assistance help
unique single
commends applauds
disloyal unfaithful
abort aborting
commits undertakes
glad happy
tricky difficult
involvement attendance
expel deport
adopting adopt
disappears vanishes
inner inside
alison allison
judicial juridical
cancel revoke
saved rescued
help assistance
protect safeguard
protect safeguards
resolve solves
wish wishing
deen deane
native aboriginal
grams g
comparing comparison
cripple crippling
protect safeguard
unforeseen unforeseeable
unsatisfied dissatisfied
tip advice
tips advice
increases rose
increasing rise
increased rise
increase rise
increases rise
increased rises
increasing rises
increase rises
increases rises
bemused baffled
seok suk
satisfied satisfy
unfaithful disloyal
shares exchange
share exchange
fantastic outstanding
trouble problems
handle handled
awaken awakening
linkage links
toilet wc
hot hotter
kruger krueger
mirrored mirror
special peculiar
provoke stir
tornado twister
institution establishment
glaring glare
leiden leyden
revoke cancel
enlightenment awareness
deport expel
subtitle subtitling
securely safely
splendid great
crossroad intersection
rescued saved
dispersed disperse
innovative groundbreaking
commissar commissioner
servant official
servants official
servant officials
servants officials
terminates terminate
recur recurrent
good valid
hello hullo
outraged infuriated
infuriated outraged
concentrate concentrating
foreigners foreigner
revolting disgusting
burned incinerated
adopt adopting
scent odour
secret undercover
honey dear
bind bound
concentrating concentrate
installation facility
unlimited infinite
sits sit
fired sacked
emphasize highlight
patchwork hodgepodge
stress underline
bln bn
muffin cupcake
close tight
crippling cripple
correct accurate
recurrent recur
wound injured
wounds injured
luminous bright
single unique
proximate close
gains rise
gain rises
gains rises
gain rise
hampers constrain
hampers constrains
hamper constrain
foothold beachhead
solve settle
safeguard protect
safeguards protect
load burdened
load burden
loaded burden
loaded burdened
assessing appraising
identical same
odour scent
reduce decrease
womb uterus
unforeseeable unforeseen
dissatisfied unsatisfied
congenital innate
calm peaceful
safeguard protect
demolishes demolish
borin buren
fulfil fulfilling
deane deen
ece eec
beacon lighthouse
beacons lighthouse
beacons lighthouses
encountered encounter
dam dyke
deepen deepens
official servant
official servants
officials servant
officials servants
leyden leiden
awareness enlightenment
fatherhood paternity
devise devising
programmed program
brazil brasil
hendrick hendrik
custodian keeper
accurate correct
decrease reduce
krueger kruger
worldwide global
intersection crossroad
earlier preceding
trigger triggering
valid good
grading grade
allison alison
constrain hampers
constrains hampers
constrain hamper
captain skipper
lowering reduction
preceding earlier
download uploading
cupcake muffin
encounter encountered
establishment institution
firm steadies
firm steady
prompt expeditious
circa approximately
revolting nauseating
offense crime
offenses crime
offenses crimes
optimistic upbeat
challenging hard
close proximate
false bogus
publish published
bodily physical
disgusting revolting
happy glad
slowing slows
obtain obtains
sought seek
sought seeks
odour scent
muslims moslem
prevent forestall
dreadful awful
dimitri dimitry
technologies tech
technology techs
technology tech
technologies techs
grade grading
kaminsky kaminski
suk seok
overthrow overthrown
wicked evil
dyke dam
dispose disposed
used utilization
use utilization
remand remanded
uploading download
favour favouring
unveiled unveil
welding weld
crime offense
crime offenses
crimes offenses
yearly annual
settle solve
aflame ablaze
unlawful illicit
undertakes commits
excellent excelent
splendid excellent
hut shack
heaps stacks
gifted gift
cereals grain
broadening widen
contaminated contaminate
eec ece
closest close
links linkage
choking strangulation
forestall prevent
gautier gauthier
woozy lightheaded
collating collate
clearer clear
legislation law
glad happy
browse navigate
reserve reserving
excess surplus
experimenting experimentation
clients customer
possible achievable
forswear renounce
reserving reserve
special extraordinary
harder harsh
transcends exceeds
terrific marvellous
mathieu matthieu
steadies firm
steady firm
experimentation experimenting
supplement addendum
published publish
rise gains
rises gain
rises gains
rise gain
repetition repeat
gratifying pleasing
dispatching dispatch
achievable possible
emphasizing emphasize
disseminated disseminate
dismissing dismiss
greatly considerably
readjust adjustment
perpetrated committed
jessie jessy
impertinent irrelevant
use usage
master lord
paternity fatherhood
unveil unveiled
sufficiently enough
judi jody
uterus womb
devising devise
exceeds transcends
use usage
incredible unthinkable
committed perpetrated
pursues chase
pursues chases
mostly mainly
addendum supplement
logger lumberjack
outward external
authorised authorized
authorise authorize
authorised authorizing
authorise authorized
authorised authorize
renounce forswear
allowing enabling
allow enable
allowing enable
allow enabling
buren borin
inside inner
false untrue
interfere intervene
guide handbook
adieu goodbye
authorized authorised
authorize authorise
authorizing authorised
authorized authorise
authorize authorised
difficult harsh
marvellous terrific
start commence
happy glad
indigenous native
lawd lord
kaminski kaminsky
uncanny supernatural
tuberculosis tb
outstanding fantastic
precious invaluable
allowable admissible
prevails prevail
instructs directs
specialized specialize
upkeep maintenance
weld welding
crushed pulverized
specific concrete
unfortunately unluckily
marianna mariana
directs instructs
mirror mirrored
false phony
bound bind
betrayal perfidy
quick expeditious
melange mixture
annual yearly
concrete specific
illicit unlawful
ablaze aflame
splendid fabulous
injured wound
injured wounds
reduced reductions
reduced reduction
mm millimetre
schrijver shriver
abolish eliminate
disperse dispersed
value importance
shame shaming
appraisal appraising
courageous bold
lodge lodging
betterment improvement
locally domestically
macdougall mcdougall
exact exacting
extraordinary special
untrue false
mcdougall macdougall
twin twinning
costanza constanza
enabling allowing
enable allow
enable allowing
enabling allow
exchange shares
exchange share
shriver schrijver
reinstate rehabilitate
clandestine undercover
airflow airstream
contaminate contaminated
display exhibited
pulverized crushed
invaluable precious
reduction lowering
persuasive compelling
flawless perfect
quick speedily
incinerate burn
see behold
usage use
jump leap
navigate browse
ha have
shack hut
jody judi
airstream airflow
copacetic copasetic
warmer hotter
copyrighted copyright
g gs
underline stress
mortuary morgue
affirm reconfirm
lombardi lombardy
hyper super
underaged minors
emphasize emphasizing
main principal
specialize specialized
men males
excellent splendid
inform communicating
inform communicate
prevail prevails
asian asiatic
behold see
satanic diabolical
dear beloved
mainly mostly
hazardous noxious
burdened load
burden load
burden loaded
burdened loaded
appliance equipment
analyze analysis
obtains receives
gorgeous beautiful
copasetic copacetic
ends terminates
end terminates
abolish cancel
eights eight
compelling persuasive
heaps stacks
morgue mortuary
physical bodily
receives obtains
shaming shame
focus concentrate
dip drop
dipped drop
dip dropped
dipped dropped
dips drop
dips dropped
eliminate abolish
reacts responds
mens man
irrelevant impertinent
constanza costanza
super fabulous
considerably greatly
harlot prostitute
vow vowed
vows vowed
seok suk
many numerous
broadening expand
surplus excess
responsible accountable
invert reverse
pecuniary monetary
chat schmooze
admissible allowable
unthinkable incredible
prohibited forbid
span spanning
review revising
nurse nursing
vanya vania
gladly happily
clear clearer
abuse mistreatment
adjust adjusted
responds reacts
nonchalant negligent
aborted abort
whet sharpen
beloved dear
lodging lodge
supernatural uncanny
difficult tricky
demolish demolishes
highlighted highlight
highlighted highlights
eight eights
betsy betsey
align harmonize
minor limited
pick select
perfect flawless
wage waging
accountable responsible
choose selects
alter change
lightheaded woozy
equipment appliance
stacks heaps
lumberjack logger
boli polly
conservator curator
spanning span
commissioner commissar
rehabilitate reinstate
peaceful calm
notably particularly
monitor supervises
degradation debasement
fighting combating
ebb recede
expeditious prompt
vania vanya
gorgeous splendid
baek bai
dismiss dismissing
hubris arrogance
adjustment readjust
excellent super
excellent exceptional
circa approx
inmate prisoner
intervene interfere
super hyper
reductions reduced
reduction reduced
spike spiking
external outward
gift gifted
weird curious
betsey betsy
parties party
perfidy betrayal
reinstating reinstate
pick choose
innate congenital
participates joins
participates join
aboriginal native
recede ebb
assistance help
diabolical satanic
key essentials
keys essential
keys essentials
key essential
commits undertakes
gauthier gautier
communicating inform
communicate inform
vowed vow
vowed vows
willing prepared
reinstate reinstating
upkeep maintenance
hardheaded realistic
commence start
happily gladly
jihadist jihadi
alter changing
alter changed
alter change
altered changed
altered changing
alter changes
altered change
altered changes
males men
doctors physician
doctor physician
mariana marianna
revising review
combating fighting
sculpt carve
govern governing
harsh harder
super excellent
curator conservator
hotter warmer
attribute characteristic
crazy insane
contour outline
insane crazy
arrogance hubris
domestically locally
liaise communicate
negligent nonchalant
sumptuous splendid
strangulation choking
beautiful gorgeous
curious weird
dispatch dispatching
chic fashionable
mln millionth
handbook guide
collaborate cooperates
depleting deplete
goodbye adieu
approx circa
incinerated burned
carve sculpt
mattias matthias
jihadi jihadist
hamper constrain
abuse maltreatment
reason grounds
efficient effectiveness
ha have
advice tip
advice tips
have ha
schmooze chat
mobilized mobilize
deception misrepresentation
close closest
rises rebound
rise rebound
leap jump
specifically particularly
incorrect inaccurate
predicts anticipates
improvement betterment
exceptional excellent
managerial administrative
tailoring adapting
nursing nurse
groundbreaking innovative
appraising appraisal
constrain hamper
deplete depleting
meant mean
hendrik hendrick
program programmed
mistreatment abuse
impart communicate
inaccurate incorrect
boosting boost
mixture melange
strict stringent
hikes raise
super best
hikes raises
hike raises
super good
hike raise
grownup adult
expeditious quick
prepared willing
watchful vigilant
waging wage
limited minor
undertakes commits
twinning twin
changing alter
changed alter
change alter
changed altered
changing altered
changes alter
change altered
changes altered
sabbath shabbat
contract agreement
utilization used
utilization use
spiking spike
analysis analyze
rule regulation
modification alterations
display monitor
bet wagering
problems trouble
rise surged
rose surged
rise surge
rising surged
babe baby
inhibits prevents
selects choose
spilt spill
dame lady
concentrate focus
earnings pay
numerous many
denounces denounce
seeded planted
shabbat sabbath
underline emphasise
rebound rises
rebound rise
wire wired
yeats yates
mean meant
constantly consistently
limits bounds
limit bounds
quiver tremble
grandy grandi
fabulous super
gutless cowardly
locate locating
misrepresentation deception
famous notorious
superb exceptional
underage juvenile
cooperate collaborated
era epoch
stacks heaps
splendid gorgeous
redundant superfluous
effectiveness efficient
physician doctors
physician doctor
wonderful marvellous
hoffman hofmann
best super
good super
highlight emphasise
judgment assessment
judgment assessments
grandi grandy
nurture nurturing
intent purpose
proven proved
marvellous wonderful
spill spilt
exhibited display
phased phase
phased phases
lady dame
reverse invert
highlight highlighted
highlights highlighted
prisoner inmate
communicate impart
polly boli
particularly specifically
lunatic insane
maltreatment abuse
various different
adapting tailoring
constant persistent
locating locate
communicate liaise
importance value
boost boosting
gains obtains
gain obtains
sent forwarded
prevents inhibits
employed employ
nurturing nurture
rented rent
rented rents
thorough comprehensive
monitor display
fade fading
supervises monitor
charmer charming
superfluous redundant
cooperates collaborate
particularly notably
consistently constantly
baby babe
alterations modification
drunken drunk
unlucky unfortunate
matthias mattias
approximately circa
continuous continued
select pick
anticipates predicts
unique peculiar
assures asserts
different various
governing govern
doctor physicians
doctors physicians
gs g
maintenance upkeep
minors juvenile
burn combust
covert undercover
characteristic attribute
launch start
minors underaged
inspect review
emphasise underline
heighten increased
heighten increasing
heighten increase
heightened increased
heightened increase
cowardly gutless
sharpen whet
prostitute harlot
timeline deadline
sinking sink
sinking sinks
scare terrify
unlawful illicit
accidental inadvertent
gorgeous beautiful
planted seeded
tremble quiver
copyright copyrighted
discharging discharge
sink sinking
sinks sinking
purpose intent
background context
testimony testifies
sinuous convoluted
hiller hillier
wagering bet
speedily quick
outline contour
excellent super
praise commend
praises commend
okay alright
insane lunatic
context background
have ha
continuous constant
agreement contract
surety guarantor
sympathy empathy
slow slowing
marry marries
persistent constant
elly ilie
alright okay
spreading dissemination
incredulity distrust
inadvertent accidental
juvenile minors
wounded wound
assessment judgment
assessments judgment
surged rise
surged rose
surge rise
surged rising
increased heighten
increasing heighten
increase heighten
increased heightened
increase heightened
wholly fully
epoch era
peculiar unique
mobilize mobilized
send dispatches
send dispatch
deposit depositing
empathy sympathy
start launch
frazier frazer
governance management
sire lord
lord lawd
combust burn
proved proven
choose pick
terrify scare
asserts assures
relaxing relax
abnormal exceptional
drop dip
drop dipped
dropped dip
dropped dipped
drop dips
dropped dips
otta ota
undercover covert
ornithology ornithological
sweeny sweeney
foot footing
ilie elly
raze destroy
emphasise highlight
pig swine
notorious famous
revise revisions
revise revision
illicit unlawful
ferment agitation
lighted illuminated
alter alters
chitty shetty
optimum good
management governance
ota otta
harmonize align
asserts affirms
maintenance upkeep
millimetre mm
review inspect
mortal fatal
outlining describing
outlined describe
outline described
outline describing
outline describe
outlined describes
outlining described
outlined describing
outlined described
twisty convoluted
idea thought
ideas thought
ideas thoughts
idea thoughts
slowing slow
barely scarcely
nagi nagy
employ employed
agitation ferment
affirms asserts
minors juvenile
glass glasses
describing outlining
describe outlined
described outline
describing outline
describe outline
describes outlined
described outlining
describing outlined
described outlined
juvenile minors
continuously consistently
commend praise
commend praises
beautiful gorgeous
focussed concentrated
charming charmer
odd curious
change alter
adjusted adjust
help aid
lord sire
manaus manos
vigilant watchful
good merchandise
file filing
deadline timeline
shetty chitty
denounce denounces
testifies testimony
chiefly principally
bounds limits
bounds limit
abort aborted
depositing deposit
yates yeats
grounds reason
constant continuous
nagy nagi
fading fade
wild savage
juvenile underage
terminates ends
terminates end
fully wholly
kicking kick
stricken afflicted
lombardy lombardi
convert converted
aid help
ornithological ornithology
continually consistently
phase phased
phases phased
disorganized chaotic
infectious transmittable
super great
false wrong
continued continuous
raise hikes
raises hikes
raises hike
raise hike
smuggle contraband
alters alter
advice guidance
kick kicking
photo picture
photos pictures
worsen deterioration
handsome splendid
okay alright
forwarded sent
transmittable infectious
expire expiry
blom bloom
hofmann hoffman
peculiar specific
essentials key
essential keys
essentials keys
essential key
scarcely barely
converted convert
consistently continuously
hillier hiller
loom looming
looms looming
distrust incredulity
convoluted sinuous
footing foot
forswear relinquish
adequately sufficiently
bailey baily
wagering betting
expressly specifically
save savings
saves savings
glasses glass
crazed deranged
cowell coyle
quick swift
wound wounded
sisterly brotherly
disseminate disseminated
sweeney sweeny
steal shoplift
initiated initiate
relax relaxing
oversight supervision
stringent strict
stated indicated
shoplift steal
concentrated focussed
drunk drunken
guarantor surety
collaborated cooperate
wrong false
curved curve
curved curves
relinquish forswear
wondrous splendid
supervision oversight
bullying bully
combat fighting
speedy expeditious
thought idea
thought ideas
thoughts ideas
thoughts idea
comprehensive thorough
annum annual
bloom blom
newest latest
allowable admissible
looming loom
looming looms
client customer
briefed brief
sufficiently adequately
impotence powerlessness
fantastic unbelievable
deeply profoundly
annual annum
consistently continually
attainable achievable
alright okay
frazer frazier
reformer reformist
splendid handsome
alluring seductive
principally chiefly
marries marry
exceptional abnormal
brace prepare
troubling worrisome
raiding raid
find found
expiry expire
maclaine maclean
rado radu
enlarge enlarged
god lord
usage use
hard arduous
expand widening
use usage
autographed signed
bully bullying
readjust adapt
abusive improper
mechanistic mechanical
investigate investigative
dissemination spreading
raid raiding
lord god
adult grownup
dispatches send
dispatch send
guidance advice
betting wagering
aiming aims
aiming aim
exceptional superb
believe believing
cota kota
picture photo
pictures photos
midtown downtown
administrative managerial
wonderful remarkable
manos manaus
filing file
illuminated lighted
mostly primarily
abstaining abstain
savage wild
achievable attainable
pervasive widespread
improper abusive
customer client
fall fell
chaotic disorganized
rent rented
rents rented
fighting combat
specifically expressly
swine pig
heated heat
swift rapid
barbarian barbaric
destroy raze
unfortunate unlucky
principal main
aims aiming
aim aiming
done accomplished
unknown unexplored
unique particular
swift quick
like analogous
unexplored unknown
worrisome troubling
found find
merchandise good
council government
brotherly sisterly
review revisit
convoluted twisty
great super
investigative investigate
shine shining
chiefly predominantly
abstain abstaining
emmitt emmett
contraband smuggle
deranged crazed
kota cota
rapid swift
circa around
radu rado
evaluated evaluate
admissible allowable
coyle cowell
communicate communication
recede subside
unbelievable fantastic
indicated stated
bending bend
standing stands
standing stand
revisit review
lower reducing
lower reduced
lowered reduced
lowered reducing
lowered reduces
lower reduce
lowered reduce
millionth mln
profoundly deeply
government council
see behold
basics foundation
basics foundations
reformist reformer
bad shitty
obtains gains
obtains gain
reacts react
attempt endeavour
digestive gastrointestinal
primarily especially
chat talk
maclean maclaine
specific peculiar
faced encountered
expeditious speedy
splendid sumptuous
grouped group
grouped groups
deadline timetable
murder assassinated
envisaged envisage
logs checkin
log checkin
arduous hard
shitty bad
circa approximately
mechanical mechanistic
started commenced
cause reason
kg kilogram
foundation basics
foundations basics
richer wealthy
initiate initiated
curious odd
tumbled fell
tumble fall
tumble fell
widening expand
submit communicate
fell tumbled
fall tumble
fell tumble
profligacy extravagance
dip falls
dip fall
dips fall
dips falls
afflicted stricken
just righteous
realistic hardheaded
marvellous extraordinary
downtown midtown
aliens foreigners
extravagance profligacy
powerlessness impotence
gets got
get got
got gets
got get
remarkable wonderful
widespread pervasive
forbid ban
loony crazy
react reacts
righteous just
deterioration worsen
stands standing
stand standing
physicians doctor
physicians doctors
communication communicate
antoni anthony
commenced started
behold see
franny frannie
malevolent evil
restructured restructure
especially primarily
child infantile
amphibian amphibious
recede decreased
receded decreased
recede decrease
timetable deadline
ratings assessments
rating assessment
rating assessments
ratings assessment
levitt leavitt
replace substitute
precursor forerunner
subscribed signed
rumors rumours
rumor rumour
trailblazer pioneering
checkin logs
checkin log
predominantly chiefly
earns earn
forerunner precursor
falls dip
fall dip
fall dips
falls dips
krista christa
rancid stale
trusted trustworthy
screaming scream
screaming screams
miss mademoiselle
amphibious amphibian
questioned interrogated
shining shine
explain elucidate
essential important
macneil mcneill
interrogated questioned
substitute replace
curve curved
curves curved
mainly chiefly
subside recede
assassinated murder
expand broadens
transference transferring
monetary pecuniary
analogous like
splendid wondrous
departed depart
gastrointestinal digestive
elucidate explain
earn earns
lunatic crazy
diminished decrease
diminished decreased
diminish decrease
diminishing decreased
diminish decreased
lingo jargon
seductive alluring
designation appointments
designation appointment
scent fragrance
lie lying
brief briefed
beating beat
emmett emmitt
accomplished done
reason cause
cheerful happy
reducing lower
reduced lower
reduced lowered
reducing lowered
reduces lowered
reduce lower
reduce lowered
stale rancid
bind bound
widen broadens
rumours rumors
rumour rumor
digit figures
evil malevolent
endeavour attempt
gladly willingly
accordingly therefore
communicate submit
changes alterations
change alterations
heat heated
signed subscribed
primarily mostly
encountered faced
wilfully deliberately
amazing impressive
bury buries
prepare brace
compensated compensate
seafaring marine
warm warming
discharge discharging
frannie franny
crazy loony
healthful salubrious
justify justifiable
believing believe
prophesy predict
loved love
huston houston
appointments designation
appointment designation
latest newest
decrease diminished
decreased diminished
decrease diminish
decreased diminishing
decreased diminish
mentioned mention
crazy lunatic
leavitt levitt
brace braces
lunatic crazy
tear torn
trustworthy trusted
revisions revise
revision revise
torn tear
barbaric barbarian
therefore accordingly
good optimum
evaluate evaluated
crazy lunatic
gods god
pioneering trailblazer
group grouped
groups grouped
talk chat
ruin vandalize
submit communicate
beat beating
justifiable justify
jove jupiter
envisage envisaged
mcneill macneil
zina zeina
extraordinary marvellous
warming warm
approx about
reclaim recapture
working operating
shrink decrease
extends broadens
tram streetcar
pay salary
nena neena
rearing upbringing
highlight emphasise
foreigners aliens
savings save
savings saves
typical characteristic
zeina zina
reimbursed reimburse
merge integrate
restructure restructured
braces brace
redundant unnecessary
return comeback
depart departed
nonsense bullshit
recognize acknowledgement
god gods
fragrance scent
happy cheerful
christa krista
shrink decrease
get obtains
gets obtains
super good
comeback return
salubrious healthful
ozzie ozzy
particular unique
fell fall
lying lie
kill assassinate
splendid spectacular
cop police
cops police
characteristic typical
lament deplore
around circa
soars soaring
soar soaring
scream screaming
screams screaming
busted bust
emphasise highlight
incipient initial
recapture reclaim
volatile unstable
bust busted
hardly scarcely
hunt hunted
mention mentioned
abolished abolish
vanishing disappear
bound bind
lowering reduction
lowering reductions
hunted hunt
signed autographed
willingly gladly
spectacular splendid
super awesome
unstable volatile
good super
enlarged enlarge
impressive amazing
view opinion
perilous dangerous
deliberately wilfully
rossa rosa
regulation rule
transferring transference
boost improve
menard maynard
bullshit nonsense
love loved
finish complete
movie filmmaking
movies filmmaking
vaillant phelan
conclude concluding
mademoiselle miss
concluding conclude
important essential
operating working
scarcely hardly
praise praising
praises praising
ruined destroyed
broadens extends
disputed contested
jargon lingo
incredulity scepticism
harmful dangerous
browse search
decreased recede
decreased receded
decrease recede
paired pair
fashionable chic
scepticism incredulity
timeframe periods
timeframe period
ozzy ozzie
hamper impede
finest best
assessments ratings
assessment rating
assessments rating
assessment ratings
weighted weight
spectacular dramatic
communicate submit
adapt readjust
besieged besiege
periods timeframe
period timeframe
glad happy
infantile child
nears closes
near closes
near close
soaring soars
soaring soar
pal buddy
wealthy richer
vivien vivian
upbringing rearing
dramatic spectacular
compensate compensated
unscrew loosen
wight whyte
refuse rejects
refuses rejects
refuse reject
abolish abolished
multiple numerous
stressed underlined
streetcar tram
broadens expand
complemented complement
vandalize ruin
upward ascendant
about approx
circa approx
dolt stupid
rosa rossa
racer competitor
unnecessary redundant
ban forbid
forgiving forgive
underlined stressed
explicitly specifically
allowable acceptable
monitor surveillance
monitors surveillance
contested disputed
sane sensible
terrific remarkable
tit boob
praising praise
praising praises
maynard menard
buries bury
magnetism magnetic
stall stalling
phelan vaillant
fatal mortal
alterations changes
alterations change
reimburse reimbursed
loosen unscrew
chilling chill
search browse
impede hamper
approx circa
origin source
houston huston
emitting emit
magnetic magnetism
consist comprised
ascendant upward
nonsense bullshit
finish complete
neena nena
like loves
oversee monitoring
chiefly mainly
disappear vanishing
mullen mullin
starship spaceship
awesome super
decrease shrink
stressed highlighted
happy glad
mg milligram
expectation anticipation
dangerous harmful
bullshit nonsense
source origin
conspicuous obvious
smooth seamless
attached attach
cope coping
anticipation expectation
chiefly primarily
tight close
stress emphasise
rejects refuse
rejects refuses
reject refuse
destroyed ruined
chill chilling
glamorous splendid
closes nears
closes near
close near
kilogram kg
highlighted stressed
bad unhealthy
reduction lowering
reductions lowering
judgment assessment
steady steadily
specifically explicitly
numerous multiple
forgive forgiving
harmful pernicious
emit emitting
dirty salacious
recap summary
duly appropriately
approximately circa
ruin destroy
acknowledgement recognize
boob tit
grubby dirty
obvious conspicuous
salary pay
nearby neighboring
nane nani
initiate commenced
sole unique
filmmaking movie
filmmaking movies
grownup mature
chose choose
glad happy
kil kiel
augmented increased
loves like
choose chose
vile nefarious
roslyn rosaline
correct rectify
seamless smooth
integrate merge
dangerous perilous
bend bending
midway halfway
deplore lament
rectify correct
finish complete
broadens widen
commenced initiate
hobbs hobbes
different divergent
sizeable considerable
improve boost
evaluated assessment
evaluated assessments
nigh practically
buddy pal
complete finish
hesitation wavering
assassinate kill
securing insuring
consonant commensurate
shake shaking
acceptable allowable
rugs carpet
rug carpets
rug carpet
rugs carpets
nani nane
stalling stall
pulled pulls
pulled pull
salacious dirty
surveillance monitor
surveillance monitors
prominent salient
happy glad
peculiar special
freeing liberate
pair paired
composing compose
complement complemented
pernicious harmful
besiege besieged
faltering falter
compose composing
bn bln
inhibits impedes
attach attached
siro cerro
prevalent prevailing
complete finish
dedication commitment
dedication commitments
suzy susy
susy suzy
remarkable terrific
hailed hails
hailed hail
placid tranquil
initial incipient
spaceship starship
cohesive coherent
aged elderly
confined limited
dissolution disintegration
greeting greet
coping cope
circa approx
gamble gambling
dried dehydrated
lorrie laurie
liberate freeing
gwyn gwen
decrease shrink
insuring securing
unique sole
weight weighted
falter faltering
increased augmented
gwen gwyn
promise promising
competitor racer
commitment dedication
commitments dedication
fantastic marvellous
primarily chiefly
encode encrypt
surrounding surrounds
surrounding surround
brooks brook
grow increase
predict prophesy
charm glamour
bill invoice
close tight
kiel kil
broadened increase
broaden increased
broadening increased
broaden increase
broadened increasing
broadening increase
broadened increased
mullin mullen
brook brooks
police cop
police cops
appraising assess
apprise inform
impedes inhibits
monitoring oversee
divergent different
disintegration dissolution
hails hailed
hail hailed
assessment evaluated
assessments evaluated
splendid glamorous
glamour charm
briton brits
britons brits
oversee supervised
opinion view
salient prominent
permissible acceptable
hobbes hobbs
pulls pulled
pull pulled
laurie lorrie
dine supper
shaking shake
contemplation reflection
contemplation reflections
enigma puzzle
sequenced sequence
assessment judgment
prevailing prevalent
surrounds surrounding
surround surrounding
halfway midway
gratuity tip
coherent cohesive
bony bone
increase broadened
increased broaden
increased broadening
increase broaden
increasing broadened
increase broadening
increased broadened
puzzle enigma
vary differ
supervised oversee
climbing climb
indispensable necessary
rosaline roslyn
figures digit
preside presiding
cerro siro
marvellous fantastic
acceptable permissible
showcasing showing
bone bony
shared communicate
shared communicated
bln bn
inform apprise
redeemer saviour
usage utilization
complete finish
necessary indispensable
olympian olympic
special peculiar
rectify correcting
assess appraising
peachy super
sorted sort
emphasise stress
pesky bothersome
pacifist peaceful
barkley barclay
stupid foolish
necessary essential
correcting rectify
marine seafaring
destroy ruin
altitude height
promising promise
birgit brigitte
reflection contemplation
reflections contemplation
encrypt encode
saviour redeemer
nefarious vile
brigitte birgit
unearth find
super peachy
greet greeting
lack insufficiency
neighboring nearby
climb climbing
invoice bill
elderly aged
essential necessary
considerable sizeable
dehydrated dried
widen increase
supposedly allegedly
brits briton
brits britons
backer supporter
backers supporters
unify unified
showing showcasing
foolish stupid
appropriately duly
improper irregular
rash imprudent
tribute acknowledgement
shade nuance
obtains get
obtains gets
ayesha aisha
pragmatic practical
institute instituting
aisha ayesha
commensurate consonant
primitive rudimentary
gambling gamble
instituting institute
carpet rugs
carpets rug
carpet rug
carpets rugs
allegedly supposedly
wavering hesitation
ok alright
tip gratuity
cut slice
dear honey
stupid dolt
vivian vivien
rescinded rescind
wilfully intentionally
barclay barkley
steadily steady
certificates certification
certificate certification
unhealthy bad
steady persistent
hate loathe
broadest broad
summary recap
joy pleasure
revoke rescind
broaden enlarging
transformed transform
promptly expeditiously
dirty grubby
nuance shade
decent dignified
supporter backer
supporters backers
safe secure
aspiration ambition
aspirations ambitions
jupiter jove
milligram mg
rudimentary primitive
differ vary
amit emmitt
presiding preside
best finest
mature grownup
irregular improper
communicate shared
communicated shared
judi jodi
slice cut
ambition aspiration
ambitions aspirations
loathe hate
rescind revoke
eviction deportation
evictions deportations
help assists
jodi judi
allowable acceptable
certification certificates
certification certificate
intentionally wilfully
therapeutic curative
sequence sequenced
comprised consist
close finish
closes finish
approx about
honey dear
finish close
finish closes
mirrored reflected
start launch
enlarging widening
apart besides
practical pragmatic
tranquil placid
honey beloved
chennai madras
fantastic unbelievable
acknowledgement tribute
slowdown deceleration
summon convene
curative therapeutic
enlarging broaden
increase widen
anthony antoni
evidently clearly
singular unique
beloved honey
loony lunatic
vertigo dizziness
duk duc
noticeable significant
supper dine
range ranging
ranges ranging
duc duk
impacted influenced
utilization usage
thrilled delighted
launch start
happy happier
lauryn laureen
limited confined
appeal appealed
hinder impeding
appealed appeal
prominent famous
mogul magnate
deportation eviction
deportations evictions
rescind rescinded
dignified decent
help support
help supports
sensible sane
overruled reject
apparition phantom
steadily continuously
bill act
deceleration slowdown
replying answer
broad broadest
secure safe
scepticism sceptical
supervise oversees
ranging range
ranging ranges
moderate temperate
marjan mariane
clearly evidently
happier happy
acceptable allowable
answer replying
peaceful pacifist
continuously steadily
imprudent rash
required requisite
long lengthy
sort sorted
requisite required
practically nigh
negro black
transform transformed
phantom apparition
temperate moderate
cause reason
infected infect
approx circa
influenced impacted
unique singular
kilogram kilo
specialize specializing
insufficiency lack
black negro
good merchandise
goods merchandise
spare sparing
kilo kilogram
rare scarce
gatherer collector
persistent steady
denotes indicates
besides apart
idea thought
pitiful miserable
broaden increase
raze destroy
reject overruled
unknown unidentified
unknowns unidentified
infect infected
collateralized secured
dizziness vertigo
expeditiously promptly
sizeable significant
bothersome pesky
thought idea
whyte wight
upward ascending
convene summon
famous prominent
brave fearless
magnate mogul
greet salutes
greet salute
miserable pitiful
hides hid
hide hid
override overriding
damp moist
appliance devices
appliances devices
ascending upward
specializing specialize
madras chennai
awry wrong
reflected mirrored
merchandise good
merchandise goods
support help
supports help
alarmed apprehensive
divine heavenly
emmitt amit
fleece wool
increase broaden
laureen lauryn
sparing spare
gorgeous fantastic
lunatic loony
secured collateralized
about approx
wool fleece
delighted thrilled
charting chart
oversees supervise
heavenly divine
wrong awry
close proximate
zero nought
assists help
reason cause
mariane marjan
odor scent
monitors oversight
height altitude
rent lease
diminishing decreasing
impeding hinder
used habituated
disturbance turbulence
disturbances turbulence
mama mother
proximate close
fantastic gorgeous
decreasing diminishing
spend expenditure
spending expenditure
rare uncommon
holley holly
apprehensive alarmed
steady persistent
hid hides
hid hide
alright ok
scent odor
rise advance
rises advance
salutes greet
salute greet
constantly steadily
lengthy prolonged
unbelievable fantastic
super ultra
upheld uphold
turbulence disturbance
turbulence disturbances
unique particular
habituated used
marvellous remarkable
moist damp
kids child
kid child
kids children
widening enlarging
pleasure joy
prudent cautious
unidentified unknown
unidentified unknowns
destroy raze
olympic olympian
kent ken
indicates denotes
cautious prudent
overriding override
lauryn loren
sad bad
simultaneously concurrently
significant sizeable
propensity tendency
hunt hounding
concurrently simultaneously
fantastic splendid
chart charting
scarce rare
collector gatherer
sceptical scepticism
ha have
oversight monitors
find unearth
narrower narrow
nought zero
try tried
lease rent
bad sad
wounds injures
wound injures
several numerous
significant noticeable
view opinions
divide partition
evictions expulsion
eviction expulsion
fearless brave
endorse endorsing
mushi moshi
articulate articulating
splendid fantastic
mother mama
uphold upheld
prolonged lengthy
wave waving
remarkable marvellous
loren lauryn
hounding hunt
devices appliance
devices appliances
seated seat
lengthy long
numerous several
cane caning
terrain topography
unrest turbulence
manifestly clearly
revoked revoke
awesome splendid
kilogram kg
kilograms kg
yawning huge
nonstop uninterrupted
uncommon rare
steadily constantly
act bill
clearly manifestly
articulating articulate
contested contest
ken kent
endorsing endorse
narrow narrower
karn carn
huge yawning
wiser wise
persistent steady
unified unify
cheat swindle
lessen reduce
ultra super
cut slice
rightness correct
contest contested
advance rise
advance rises
expulsion evictions
expulsion eviction
improper incorrect
clothe garment
slain assassinated
betrothal engagement
bad evil
holly holley
uncommon unusual
unusual uncommon
awesome remarkable
moshi mushi
carn karn
partition divide
favoured favour
sadly tragically
incorrect improper
conceivable possible
huffman hoffmann
inadvertent unintentional
ruse trick
reduce lessen
waving wave
surpasses exceeds
tried try
blockage obstruction
have ha
unintentional inadvertent
probe investigate
simpler simple
impart communicate
topography terrain
quayle coyle
kg kilogram
kg kilograms
seat seated
splendid awesome
slice cut
intolerable unacceptable
child kids
child kid
children kids
engagement betrothal
particular unique
expunge delete
struck strike
promptly speedily
tendency propensity
unacceptable intolerable
speedily promptly
stunning fantastic
garment clothe
coyle quayle
turbulence unrest
tragically sadly
caning cane
wise wiser
swindle cheat
obstruction blockage
strike struck
specialize specialised
circa approx
result outcomes
chiefly essentially
bad worst
grand splendid
evil bad
revoke revoked
trick ruse
thrilled pleased
gravely profoundly
injures wounds
injures wound
correct rightness
unknown undetermined
discriminating discriminatory
expenditure spend
expenditure spending
possible conceivable
hovel shanty
astern backward
bano bhanu
goods commodities
goods commodity
good commodity
good commodities
fantastic stunning
delete expunge
final definitive
topple overthrown
bhanu bano
lir leer
awesome incredible
pepi bibby
amazing surprising
handicapped handicap
brave valiant
leer lir
approx circa
hoffmann huffman
nice goods
nice good
snail escargot
reclaim reaffirm
valiant brave
bowel intestine
expands enlarges
unknown anonymous
undetermined unknown
remarkable awesome
dine dining
profoundly gravely
shanty hovel
humble modest
increase grow
simple simpler
uninterrupted nonstop
specialised specialize
favour favoured
enlarges expands
bibby pepi
try attempting
modest humble
hearth fireplace
communicate impart
date dating
vague obscure
packed pack
grownup mature
varying divergent
singular unique
handicap handicapped
goods nice
good nice
essentially chiefly
escargot snail
anonymous unknown
dry dehydrated
lollipop popsicle
dating date
overthrown topple
notify notified
mature grownup
obscure vague
government councils
government council
splendid good
quiet tranquility
incredible awesome
forbid ban
backward astern
similar comparable
helpful serviceable
ban forbid
dining dine
fantastic remarkable
upright vertical
councils government
council government
serviceable helpful
pleased thrilled
pleased delighted
identical same
discriminatory discriminating
assassinated slain
investigate probe
delighted pleased
popsicle lollipop
surprising amazing
cool refrigerate
opinions view
pack packed
commodities goods
commodity goods
commodity good
commodities good
good splendid
good exemplary
inhibit impeding
inhibit impede
defer postpone
divergent varying
unique singular
fall decreased
fell decrease
fall decrease
fell decreased
definitive final
reformer reformist
reformers reformist
reformers reformists
proven prove
comparable similar
fireplace hearth
splendid grand
fine splendid
pooch terrier
vertical upright
slash reduce
browse search
terrier pooch
reaffirm reclaim
support assists
notified notify
lost forfeited
bad lousy
rising advance
rose advance
rise advance
rose advanced
worst bad
tranquility quiet
keystone cornerstone
lousy bad
snip clipping
shelled shell
reformist reformer
reformist reformers
reformists reformers
huge hefty
pills tablet
pills tablets
pill tablets
pill tablet
spectacular splendid
harmful damaging
tips advice
tip advice
impeding inhibit
impede inhibit
remarkable fantastic
topped tops
topped top
splendid spectacular
tops topped
top topped
damaging harmful
surpass exceed
typical characteristics
typical characteristic
safe secure
assists support
hefty huge
search browse
shell shelled
unclear ambiguous
postpone defer
intestine bowel
cheerful happy
synopsis outline
improper unsuitable
outcomes result
refrigerate cool
splendid fine
ambiguous unclear
putative alleged
attempting try
secure safe
forfeited lost
circa about
exemplary good
exceeds surpasses
outline synopsis
surpasses exceed
happy cheerful
same identical
spot stain
characteristics typical
characteristic typical
dehydrated dry
couple coupling
staying residing
saber sabre
odd curious
outstanding unresolved
perpetrate committed
prove proven
carnage slaughter
kori corrie
hinder obstructed
cornerstone keystone
committed perpetrate
stain spot
pivotal crucial
unresolved outstanding
reduce slash
advance rising
advance rose
advance rise
advanced rose
stressed underlined
stresses underlined
stressed underline
stress underline
stress underlined
located locate
throttling restrict
sabre saber
coupling couple
restrict throttling
dear honey
nude naked
unsafe insecure
slaughter carnage
decreased fall
decrease fell
decrease fall
decreased fell
clipping snip
compose composing
act acted
residing staying
composing compose
told tells
told tell
tells told
tell told
defying defiance
tablet pills
tablets pills
tablets pill
tablet pill
alleged putative
super terrific
submit communicate
unsecured insecure
tip advice
insecure unsafe
weird curious
underlined stressed
underlined stresses
underline stressed
underline stress
underlined stress
honey dear
showcasing display
insufficiency shortage
locate located
execute conduct
advice tips
advice tip
accommodate accommodating
speeds accelerate
speed accelerate
acted act
polemic controversial
riddle conundrum
insecure unsecured
gunshot gunfire
gunshots gunfire
defiance defying
improper erroneous
naked nude
thanks gratitude
accommodating accommodate
unsuitable improper
curious weird
act bill
shortage insufficiency
usual typical
communicate submit
circa about
about circa
gunfire gunshot
gunfire gunshots
bill act
erroneous improper
awesome terrific
obstructed hinder
unfortunate regrettable
exceed surpass
replace substituted
corrie kori
close finish
substituted replace
conundrum riddle
convert transform
flaw defects
flaw defect
curious odd
typical usual
terrific awesome
curious peculiar
crucial pivotal
advice tip
regrettable unfortunate
finish close
terrific super
peculiar curious
controversial polemic
unknown indeterminate
accelerate speeds
accelerate speed
about circa
exceed surpasses
transform convert
relate relating
tip advice
pee piss
replying answer
answer replying
indeterminate unknown
constant persistent
constants persistent
retrofit modernize
conduct execute
expedited accelerate
relating relate
persistent constant
persistent constants
wealthy richest
rage fury
piss pee
fury rage
gods lords
god lord
gratitude thanks
duk dok
defects flaw
defect flaw
lords gods
lord god
careful vigilant
display showcasing
dok duk
richest wealthy
prudence cautious
alive lively
detects detected
limited scarce
scarce limited
super fantastic
cornerstone foundation
lively alive
modernize retrofit
cautious prudence
advice tip
encode encrypt
finicky fastidious
vigilant careful
extant existing
careful thorough
procure procuring
detected detects
funky fantastic
showcasing show
encrypt encode
go went
accelerate expedited
determined resolute
fastidious finicky
bore boring
embrace embracing
replying respond
embracing embrace
resolute determined
superb exceptional
ruin devastates
procuring procure
helpful actionable
thorough careful
continual persistent
boring bore
foundation cornerstone
respond replying
actionable helpful
expel deported
fantastic funky
fantastic super
existing extant
wedding wed
wed wedding
harsh extreme
harsh extremes
seaman mariner
seamen mariners
seaman mariners
mariner seaman
mariners seamen
mariners seaman
went go
extreme harsh
extremes harsh
deported expel
log checkin
persistent continual
awesome fantastic
checkin log
deadline timetable
exceptional superb
unknown anonymous
anonymous unknown
fantastic awesome
timetable deadline
devastates ruin
steady continual
send despatch
normal typical
show showcasing
brilliant fantastic
gaze look
fantastic brilliant
typical normal
despatch send
underscore emphasized
continual steady
jumbo huge
cancel rescinded
look gaze
huge jumbo
emphasized underscore
rescinded cancel
fine splendid
wins triumphs
win triumphs
win triumph
overruled reject
reject overruled
searches inspects
search inspects
splendid fine
super wonderful
check inspects
checks inspects
triumphs wins
triumphs win
triumph win
inspects searches
inspects search
match couple
emit release
wonderful super
couple match
release emit
inspects check
inspects checks
origin beginnings
origins beginning
origin beginning
beginnings origin
beginning origins
beginning origin
views findings
view findings
findings views
findings view
anything anything
northeastern northeast
forever forever
somethings something
northeast northeastern
myjob mywork
southeast southeastern
goodwill goodwill
goodwill goodwill
northeast northeastern
forever forever
mywork myjob
everyone everyone
anything anything
abit alittle
touse utilised
straightaway rightaway
rightaway straightaway
rightaway straightaway
northwestern northwest
or orr
orr or
payback repay
payback repaid
abit alittle
northeastern northeast
northeast northeastern
allright okay
databases databanks
alittle abit
northwest northwestern
databases databanks
talkin speakin
itjust itis
databanks databases
shutoff shutdown
allright okay
itis itjust
abit alittle
runoff runaway
togather collecting
togather collected
togather collects
togather collect
databanks databases
breakthrough breakdown
speakin talkin
runoff runaway
database databank
databases databank
runaway runoff
databank database
databank databases
alittle abit
prepared allready
database databank
databank database
alittle abit
abit alittle
runaway runoff
abit alittle
overhere overthere
overthere overhere
allready prepared
okay allright
abig agreat
overhere overthere
overhere overthere
overthere overhere
togather collect
overthere overhere
something somethings
southend southside
alittle abit
abig agreat
itis itjust
itjust itis
breakdown breakthrough
repay payback
repaid payback
trademarks trademarks
allright verywell
pullout withdrew
howmany howmuch
everyone everybody
shutoff shutdown
alittle abit
thenyou soyou
getup standup
trademarks trademarks
trademarks trademark
soyou thenyou
allright okay
roundabout around
okay allright
seafloor seabed
talkin speakin
startup launched
startup launching
startup launches
startup launch
schoolchildren schoolchildren
shutdown shutoff
seabed seafloor
agreat abig
rollover turnaround
schoolchildren schoolchildren
southside southend
turnover handover
handover turnover
togather compiled
orm om
turnaround rollover
alot lots
speakin talkin
shutdown shutoff
ofevery ofany
blowup explode
blowup exploding
blowup exploded
standup getup
lots alot
anally alliances
agreat abig
landmines landmines
om orm
trademarks trademarks
trademark trademarks
timeframe timetable
motorcar automobiles
motorcar automobile
timeframe timetables
timeframe timetable
howmany howmuch
landmines landmines
landmines landmines
howmany howmuch
abit alittle
ofevery ofany
trademarks trademarks
landmines landmines
orr ord
howmuch howmany
ord orr
afresh anew
afresh anew
database database
walkout leave
walkout left
walkout leaving
orn on
allright better
allright best
allright goods
howmany howmuch
alittle abit
automobiles motorcars
automobile motorcars
explode blowup
exploding blowup
exploded blowup
on orn
cutback reducing
cutback reduce
cutback reduced
ofany ofevery
howmuch howmany
overhere overthere
howmuch howmany
ofany ofevery
overthere overhere
finished iend
aban prohibit
aban prohibiting
aban prohibited
databases databases
database databases
setup configured
cutback reductions
cutback reduction
okay allright
allright okay
oc orc
annually everyyear
blowup explode
mejust meto
cutback decreasing
database databanks
orc oc
iend finished
everyyear annually
jobson workin
howmuch howmany
howmany howmuch
setup configured
rightaway straightaway
ofhim ofits
motorcars automobiles
motorcars automobile
howmuch howmany
okay allright
database databanks
databases databanks
nora oran
verywell allright
abig agreat
shutoff turnoff
database database
allright okay
allright verywell
americain usin
oran nora
turnoff shutoff
collecting togather
collected togather
collects togather
collect togather
withdrew pullout
anew afresh
overhere home
mayi letme
anyplace everyplace
ofits ofhim
everyplace anyplace
configured setup
overhere overthere
codeword codename
overthere overhere
anew afresh
shutoff shutdown
watcha sawa
databases databases
databases database
buildup setup
codename codeword
timeframe timelines
abit alittle
timeframe timetable
textbook schoolbooks
textbooks schoolbooks
alittle abit
everyyear annual
meto mejust
abit alittle
yor sor
overhere overthere
overthere overhere
abig agreat
agreat abig
databanks database
getaway runaway
buildup setup
abit alittle
howmuch howmany
alittle abit
sor yor
overthere overhere
overhere overthere
agreat abig
timelines timeframe
timelines timeframe
timelines timeframe
timelines timeframe
runaway getaway
explode blowup
setup buildup
configured setup
timetables timeframe
timetable timeframe
prohibit aban
prohibiting aban
prohibited aban
timelines timeframe
overhere home
notable cannot
databanks database
databanks databases
launched startup
launching startup
launches startup
launch startup
shutdown shutoff
timeframe timelines
timeframe timelines
timeframe timelines
timeframe timelines
lockup lockdown
schoolbooks textbook
schoolbooks textbooks
lockdown lockup
getup standup
alittle abit
yeti buti
timeframe timelines
timetable timelines
firemen firefighters
setup buildup
breakthrough breakdown
timelines timetable
buti yeti
allright verywell
baseship mothership
ofany ofevery
ofevery ofany
verywell allright
avast abig
timeframe timelines
sawa watcha
mothership baseship
better allright
best allright
goods allright
mejust meto
standup getup
meto mejust
turnoff shutdown
breakdown breakthrough
shutdown turnoff
abig avast
steppingstone launchpad
firefighters firemen
abig abroad
launchpad steppingstone
buti yeti
documents symbols
howmany howmuch
timelines timeframe
abroad abig
oin sin
sin oin
bet band
okay allright
letme mayi
mayi letme
doa performa
avast abig
allright okay
abig agreat
getup standup
letme mayi
band bet
performa madea
shutoff turnoff
agreat abig
getto togo
leave walkout
left walkout
leaving walkout
turnoff shutoff
abig avast
performa doa
standup getup
turnoff shutdown
sawa watcha
toi toe
toe toi
rollover turnaround
afar alot
howmany howmuch
letyou giveyou
shutdown turnoff
togo getto
turnaround rollover
alot afar
runaway getaway
howmuch howmany
getaway runaway
timelines timeframe
southeastern southeast
ofhim ofhis
howmany howmuch
howmuch howmany
buildup setup
timetable timeframe
togo getto
closeup shutoff
verywell allright
keepin holdin
allright verywell
getto togo
reducing cutback
reduce cutback
reduced cutback
shutoff closeup
togo getto
abig abroad
verywell allright
ofhis ofhim
allright verywell
afresh anew
nora orthe
anew afresh
timeframe timelines
abroad abig
northeastern northeast
getto togo
leda rana
rana leda
letme mayi
turnoff shutdown
annual everyyear
setup buildup
madea performa
togo getto
compiled togather
shutdown turnoff
mayi letme
getto togo
exceptin otherthan
everyone everyone
ofhim ofhis
timelines timeframe
makeyou giveyou
ae toi
buildup setup
around roundabout
ofhis ofhim
alliances anally
setup buildup
ofhim ofits
motorcar carin
soyou thenyou
ripoff takeaway
orthe nora
thenyou soyou
takeaway ripoff
oin sat
turnoff shutdown
okay allright
sat oin
shutdown turnoff
reductions cutback
reduction cutback
decreasing cutback
ofits ofhim
howmuch howmany
howmany howmuch
kickoff takeoff
automobiles motorcar
automobile motorcar
everybody everyone
utilised touse
collect togather
hairdresser hairstylist
hairstylist hairdresser
straightaway rightaway
letyou tellyou
inconsiderable insubstantial
insubstantial inconsiderable
howmany howmuch
home overhere
howmuch howmany
turnoff shutdown
itjust itis
shutdown turnoff
shutoff turnoff
itis itjust
home overhere
turnoff shutoff
kickoff startup
timetable timeframe
shutoff shutdown
turnoff shutdown
shutdown shutoff
shutdown turnoff
liftoff takeoff
takeoff liftoff
buildup setup
setup buildup
getto togo
togo getto
buildup setup
getto togo
startup setup
togo getto
setup buildup
setup startup
checkout lookat
lookat checkout