females males 
females males 
males females 
males females 
imports exports 
imports export 
imported exported 
exported imported 
imports exports 
imports exporting 
exports imports 
exporting imports 
women men 
exports imports 
export imports 
men women 
importing exporting 
exporting importing 
increased decreased 
increase decreased 
decreased increased 
decreased increase 
debtors creditors 
creditors debtors 
increasing decreasing 
decreasing increasing 
saturdays fridays 
fridays saturdays 
saturdays wednesdays 
wednesdays saturdays 
increases decreases 
decreases increases 
starts stops 
stops starts 
thicker thinner 
thinner thicker 
children mothers 
mothers children 
bought sold 
sold bought 
women men 
women man 
buying selling 
illiterate literate 
selling buying 
literate illiterate 
men women 
man women 
blacks whites 
whites blacks 
impossible possible 
unemployment employment 
girls boys 
boys girls 
irrational rational 
girls boys 
possible impossible 
boys girls 
successes failures 
failures successes 
anybody nobody 
nobody anybody 
rational irrational 
best worst 
employment unemployment 
worst best 
faster slower 
slower faster 
patients doctors 
upstream downstream 
doctors patients 
downstream upstream 
longer shorter 
harder easier 
easier harder 
shorter longer 
upstream downstream 
better worse 
children parents 
downstream upstream 
parents children 
worse better 
female male 
brother sister 
male female 
debtor creditor 
parents kids 
kids parents 
creditor debtor 
upwind downwind 
unlawful lawful 
sister brother 
sunset sunrise 
sunrise sunset 
vertical horizontal 
downwind upwind 
lawful unlawful 
horizontal vertical 
thin thick 
thick thin 
female male 
male female 
import export 
uptown downtown 
export import 
downtown uptown 
west east 
insolvent solvent 
east west 
solvent insolvent 
north south 
south north 
woman man 
women men 
woman men 
man woman 
men women 
men woman 
west east 
independent dependent 
unemployment employment 
dependent independent 
east west 
north south 
south north 
employment unemployment 
children parent 
mother father 
father mother 
maximum minimum 
minimum maximum 
parent children 
buy sell 
negative positive 
maximum minimum 
minimum maximum 
positive negative 
much little 
sell buy 
little much 
little much 
south north 
north south 
much little 
software hardware 
hardware software 
inside outside 
friday saturday 
friday saturdays 
saturday friday 
saturdays friday 
inside outside 
october november 
november october 
outside inside 
west east 
east west 
easy hard 
outside inside 
hard easy 
pessimistic optimistic 
optimistic pessimistic 
bad best 
bad better 
bad good 
january february 
february january 
south north 
october november 
north south 
sweden switzerland 
low highest 
low high 
austria australia 
australia austria 
november october 
large small 
small large 
best bad 
better bad 
good bad 
switzerland sweden 
wet dry 
wet drier 
blue green 
dry wet 
drier wet 
son daughter 
highest low 
high low 
green blue 
blue yellow 
up down 
simple complex 
boy girl 
yellow blue 
blue green 
harder easy 
hard easy 
complex simple 
black white 
girl boy 
daughter son 
west east 
vertical horizontal 
mother father 
mothers father 
father mother 
father mothers 
white black 
easy harder 
easy hard 
east west 
rear front 
horizontal vertical 
green blue 
down up 
bad good 
uptown downtown 
front rear 
inside outside 
downtown uptown 
top bottom 
good bad 
north south 
outside inside 
south north 
indonesia india 
mother child 
india indonesia 
pakistan afghanistan 
child mother 
bottom top 
long short 
short long 
afghanistan pakistan 
france germany 
decrease increase 
decreases increase 
decrease increases 
germany france 
import export 
import exports 
imports export 
imports exports 
liberal conservative 
increase decrease 
increase decreases 
increases decrease 
norway netherlands 
latvia estonia 
top bottom 
export import 
exports import 
export imports 
exports imports 
estonia latvia 
long short 
conservative liberal 
short long 
july january 
scotland england 
england scotland 
bottom top 
blue white 
bisexual homosexual 
red black 
software hardware 
rear front 
hardware software 
sweden netherlands 
january july 
white blue 
spain austria 
front rear 
maximum minimum 
netherlands norway 
black red 
homosexual bisexual 
minimum maximum 
indonesia india 
past present 
left right 
austria spain 
austria germany 
germany austria 
chile argentina 
india indonesia 
red yellow 
spain finland 
romania slovakia 
past future 
slovakia romania 
right left 
norway sweden 
present past 
doctor patient 
brazil argentina 
netherlands sweden 
boy girl 
patient doctor 
spain switzerland 
sweden norway 
sweden finland 
left right 
yellow red 
past present 
right left 
argentina chile 
finland netherlands 
finland spain 
inside outside 
spain portugal 
future past 
finland sweden 
spain netherlands 
argentina brazil 
bulgaria romania 
romania bulgaria 
girl boy 
rich poor 
greece germany 
belgium germany 
germany argentina 
germany belgium 
france netherlands 
outside inside 
argentina germany 
poor rich 
germany greece 
switzerland spain 
present past 
italy austria 
portugal spain 
spain denmark 
belgium luxembourg 
italy netherlands 
spain sweden 
switzerland netherlands 
spain france 
left right 
man woman 
woman man 
netherlands finland 
austria italy 
past future 
luxembourg belgium 
sweden spain 
hungary romania 
spain germany 
france spain 
sweden denmark 
denmark spain 
romania hungary 
denmark finland 
germany netherlands 
right left 
denmark sweden 
finland denmark 
asia africa 
spain italy 
france finland 
netherlands italy 
italy spain 
netherlands switzerland 
italy germany 
italy france 
france greece 
greece france 
netherlands spain 
chile mexico 
future past 
netherlands france 
germany spain 
finland france 
mexico chile 
africa asia 
france italy 
sweden austria 
italy finland 
poland netherlands 
spain slovenia 
belgium netherlands 
germany finland 
austria sweden 
finland germany 
germany italy 
norway poland 
italy portugal 
poland norway 
italy belgium 
norway denmark 
germany switzerland 
netherlands germany 
son daughter 
denmark netherlands 
blue green 
denmark norway 
belgium italy 
flat sharp 
greece portugal 
japan china 
switzerland germany 
portugal italy 
poland hungary 
buy sell 
slovenia spain 
finland italy 
norway finland 
hungary poland 
portugal greece 
japan korea 
green blue 
sweden germany 
sharp flat 
rear front 
red green 
germany sweden 
finland norway 
front rear 
netherlands belgium 
netherlands poland 
korea japan 
china japan 
sell buy 
leeward windward 
windward leeward 
inside outside 
evil good 
mexico argentina 
iran pakistan 
italy greece 
spain ireland 
daughter son 
france norway 
netherlands denmark 
red green 
norway france 
spain romania 
good evil 
green red 
china india 
spain belgium 
outside inside 
greece italy 
france belgium 
ireland spain 
poland germany 
argentina mexico 
india china 
spain norway 
germany poland 
belgium france 
low high 
france sweden 
mexico brazil 
greece sweden 
pakistan iran 
brazil mexico 
sweden greece 
green red 
romania spain 
italy denmark 
sweden france 
belgium spain 
sweden portugal 
norway spain 
high low 
portugal sweden 
norway germany 
germany norway 
france portugal 
denmark italy 
spain greece 
italy norway 
colombia venezuela 
japan india 
brazil germany 
evil good 
spain australia 
venezuela colombia 
italy japan 
black white 
japan italy 
white black 
portugal france 
greece spain 
norway italy 
front back 
germany brazil 
good evil 
awake asleep 
anybody nobody 
sweden belgium 
india japan 
nobody anybody 
australia spain 
belgium sweden 
spain poland 
back front 
germany britain 
italy sweden 
asleep awake 
kid parent 
italy poland 
poland spain 
sweden italy 
japan france 
left right 
poland italy 
france japan 
ireland germany 
germany ireland 
parent kid 
britain germany 
germany russia 
right left 
russia germany 
japan germany 
england france 
mexico japan 
germany japan 
japan mexico 
france england 
spain mexico 
impossible possible 
japan finland 
norway britain 
mexico spain 
britain norway 
spain japan 
finland japan 
japan spain 
possible impossible 
japan korea 
france russia 
korea japan 
anybody nobody 
russia france 
japan sweden 
doctor patient 
nobody anybody 
italy britain 
italy romania 
red blue 
switzerland netherlands 
japan norway 
sweden japan 
patient doctor 
blue red 
norway japan 
britain italy 
romania italy 
red yellow 
spain argentina 
netherlands switzerland 
back front 
front back 
yellow red 
argentina spain 
spain canada 
china india 
negative positive 
positive negative 
canada spain 
india china 
italy canada 
canada italy 
female male 
females males 
female males 
females male 
lows highs 
low high 
highs lows 
high low 
male female 
males females 
males female 
male females 
spain brazil 
norway canada 
canada norway 
brazil spain 
red blue 
blue red 
up down 
down up 
estonia lithuania 
turkey germany 
germany turkey 
lithuania estonia 
long short 
spain russia 
short long 
russia spain 
buy sell 
sell buy 
back front 
front back 
norway iceland 
iceland norway 
bad good 
england germany 
good bad 
mother child 
mother children 
child mother 
children mother 
germany england 
red green 
green red 
italy russia 
russia italy 
brazil france 
rich poor 
poor rich 
france brazil 
brazil japan 
japan brazil 
red blue 
blue red 
britain russia 
russia britain 
iran korea 
doctor patient 
patient doctor 
korea iran 
evil good 
good evil 
nobody noone 
noone nobody 
noone nobody 
nobody noone 
noone nobody 
noone nobody
nobody noone 
nobody noone 